GUNASEKARAN VELMURUGANNo: 1,4th cross street,
Karunajothi Nagar,
E-mail:gunasekaranv779@gmail.com Samipillaithottam,
Mobile: 9952827501 Puducherry-605008.

OBJECTIVE
:
Seeking a challenging position in the field of Software Testing to utilize my 
skills
 and abilities in the organization that offers Professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.

SUMMARY
:
Having 7+ years of 
experience
 in Software Testing (Manual) with solid understanding of Test Planning, Test Design, Defect Tracking and Reporting.
Having good exposure in Mobile Testing (Android & IOS).
Has Good Domain Knowledge in Mortgage Banking and HRM (Human Resource Management).
Having good knowledge in Functional, Integration, Regression and System Testing.
Proficient in using API Testing tools like POSTMAN.
Very good knowledge on SDLC, STLC processes.
Having good knowledge on Agile methodology.
WORK 
EXPERIENCE
:
Company Name:SSG Consulting Pvt. Ltd., Pondicherry

Experience
:7 years (From April 2015 to Current Date)
Position:Senior QA Engineer
Worked on:Manual Testing
Tools Used:TFS, MTM, Pivotal Tracker, JIRA and Postman.

PROJECTS
 HANDLED:
Origence (Mortgage - Banking Application)
Client: Cu Direct & Corner Stone Home Lending.
Time Period: Sept 2018 - Till Date
Project Description: Origence is a system used for Processing Mortgage Loans. It is used by the Loan Officers and Lenders to process the loan request given by borrower from Sales to Shipping. The Stages involved in Loan origination system are: Sales, Processing, Underwriting, Closing, Funding and Shipping. Each stage is handled by different user roles. Also have electronic document management to manage all the documents needed to process loans and have extensive third-party integrations.
Role & Responsibilities:
Involved in Functional testing, Integration testing and Regression testing using Selenium with Agile Method.
Involved in Integration Testing using Postman.
Involved in Daily Scrum Meeting, Grooming Meeting and Providing Demo in Every Sprint.
IMPAC (Mortgage - Banking Application)
Time Period: April 2017 - Sept 2018
Tools Used: POSTMAN
Project Description:
Spectrum: It is a Web application primarily used for Loan Origination purpose by the Third party Brokers. Broker will be creating Mortgage Loans and will submit to the Lender (Impac - Encompass). Moreover, this application facilitates brokers to generate credit report and DU- Integration report for the borrowers (in USA).
Encompass: It is a Desktop Mortgage Lending Application primarily used for processing Loans submitted by Third Party Brokers for borrowers (in USA). This application has been designed to handle third-party integrations and track documents electronically from the loan submission to shipping stage of the loan. The various major processes which are involved in this application are: Submission, Underwriting, Resubmission, Closing, Funding and Shipping. In Encompass, Lender can generate various documents like Initial Disclosure, AUS Report and Closing Disclosure document .The application can send and receive documents to borrowers through borrower portal.

Roles and Responsibilities
:
Analyzed and identified the Test Cases based on requirement document.
Involved in Functional testing, Integration testing and Regression testing using with Agile method.
Coordinated with On-site team for Client Support and Walkthroughs.
Involved in Bug Tracking & Preparation of Bug Report Document and Sending Daily status mails.
SANDSTAR (HRM)
Time Period: Feb 2016 - April 2017
Project Description:Sandstar is the Timesheet Management system for the IT Resource which has Three Modules called Timesheet, Staffing and Commission Calculator Module.
Involved in both Manual Testing.
Performed Mobile Testing in both Android and IOS applications.
Involved in Functional testing, Integration testing and Regression testing using Selenium.
QUANTUM (Mortgage - Banking application)
Time Period: April 2015 - Feb 2016
Project Description: Quantum is a loan origination system for Mortgage loans. It is used by the Lenders to process the loan request given by borrower from Sales to Shipping. The Stages involved in Loan origination system are: Sales, Processing, Underwriting, Credit Officer, Closing, Funding and Shipping. Each stage will be handled by Mangers and User roles. All Manager's roles will have the ability to generate reports that contains loans that are in-progress, new assignment, Re-assignment and completed loans in their stage. Also have electronic document management to manage all the documents needed to process loans and have extensive third party integrations.
Prepared and Executed Test Cases as per the requirement.
Involved in Build Acceptance Test in UAT Environment.
Performed Functional and Regression Testing.
Involved in Triaging and impact analysis of work items.
Preparation of Bug status report of our Team on Daily and Weekly basis.
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
B.E in Electronics and Communication Engineering from Sri Aravindar Engineering College with 6.73 CGPA in 2014.
HSC from Fatima Higher Secondary School with 68.67% in 2010.
State Board from Fatima Higher Secondary School with 83.8% in 2008.

ACHIEVEMENTS
:
Have received SIDEKICK SALUTE AWARD for the year 2017-2018.
PERSONAL 
PROFILE
:
Date of Birth: 03-06-1992
Nationality: Indian
Father's Name: Velmurugan.V
Mother's Name: Pennarsi.V

Languages
 Known: Tamil and English
Date :
Place: Puducherry(GUNASEKARAN.V)