PRABAHARAN V 
Chennai   |   9600998465  |   abarp92@gmail.com 
Objective 
 
To obtain a position that will enable me to use my Fast learning skills with 
100%quality in work & smart effort, Explore to new & creative world and ability to 
work well with people thereby raising the quality of job and my aptitude. 
 
Education 
 
Velammal Engineering College, Chennai 
 
Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics & Instrumentation -2014. 
 
Technical Skills 
 
 
 
Key Skills 
 
 
 
:  Java, Javascript, Selenium 
 
Automation Testing Tools  
:  Selenium WebDriver 
 
Test Management Tools 
 
:  JIRA 
 
Frameworks  
 
 
:  POM, JUnit, TestNG, Cucumber 
 
Version Control Tools 
 
:  GIT-SCM 
 
CICD Tool 
 
 
 
:  Jenkins 
 
Build Tool 
 
 
 
:  Maven 
 
Methodologies 
 
 
:  Agile and Waterfall model 
 
Database Testing 
 
 
:  SQL and MySQL 
Work Experience 
 
3.8 years in Adnaa Technologies Pvt Ltd, Trichy. From Dec 2017 to Oct 2021. 
 
1.5 years in Robotico Digital LLP, Banglore. From Nov 2021 to Jan 2023 
Project -1: 
YTLComms from Nov 2021 to Jan 2023 
Description: 
 
YTL Communications Sdn Bhd (793634-V), is a global frontrunner in 4G Internet 
and operates a robust “YES" 4G network in Malaysia with nationwide population 
coverage across the country. The team at YTLComms plans to provide affordable, 
world-class converged 4G, 5G services that improve the way people in Malaysia work, 
learn and play.  
 
Project 2: 
 
Everlane from May 2018 to Oct 2021 
Description 
 
This project is to create a website for the manufacturing company website which 
deals about the manufacturing company’s dealers, products of the companies for the 
company, suppliers for the company, quotations passing between the dealers and the 
company, suppliers and company administrations and ordering the products from the 
dealers to company and so on. 
Project 3: 
 
Lax from Dec 2017 to Apr 2018  
Description 
 
The team at LAX.com works on all aspects of our business. Our state of the art 
warehouse and offices are located in Norwalk, CT and stocked all days a year with the 
best products in the game. Our shipping, product and fulfillment experts insure that all 
the gear that leaves our warehouse is the highest quality and gets to your doorstep as 
fast and accurately as possible. The modules are used in Man& Women, Footwear, 
Field-supply and Team-Sales. 
 
 
Responsible 
 Test manually and identify the defects.  
 Attending Defect triage call with developers and solve the issue soon. 
 Having Experience in developing, Modifying and Executing scripts. 
 Peer reviews & hand Off’s of all the deliverables by the team. 
 Developed test scripts using Eclipse, IDE and TestNG framework. 
 Generating reports and analyze them using TestNG. 
 Executed the test scripts and reported the defects through defect tracking tool. 
 Analyzing the User Stories and planning the User Stories to be completed in the 
particular Sprint.   
 Daily schedule the run batch in selenium for testing.  
 Uploaded test cases in JIRA and Executed test cases and logged defects.  
 Performed Functional, Regression Testing.  
 Self acquired knowledge in API using POSTMAN. 
 Retested the defects once they have been resolved and updated defect report.  
 Participating in all the agile ceremonies - Sprint Planning, daily scrum calls, 
Sprint review, and Sprint retrospective.  
 Owned up an entire module and prepared defects summary report of that 
particular module for reporting on daily triage call with developers to get it fixed 
on time. 
 
 
Declaration  
 
I hereby declare that above mentioned particulars are true to the best of my 
knowledge and belief. 
 
Date:  
Place: Chennai 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(PRABAHARAN)