1 
 
Work Experience 
Projects 
 
                                                                                                                           
 
 
Arthik Arasan N 
Senior Software Engineer 
Experienced in .net, angular and 
nestjs. 
Arthik Arasan N 
Senior Software Engineer 
arthikarasan7@gmai 
l.com 
63807992
 
 
 
 
Possess 4 years of IT experience in the areas of Web Project, Windows Application, and API development.  
Experienced in projects like Cheque Clearance System, Mandate, EFT and RTGS. Experienced in both Credit and debit 
banking projects. Worked on API developments in veracious projects under varying conditions and analyzed the 
behavior and stabilized the project. Experienced in item processing applications using simulation tools like IP 
simulators. Experienced using DevOps and in analyzing the requirements working with Business Analysts and Project 
Managers. Effectively worked under high pressurized conditions and experienced in writing most complex queries and 
procedures for complex projects. 
 
 
 
 
 
2020 - Present 
Senior Software Engineer 
Global Software Solutions 
 
My responsibilities include overseeing new requirements, resolving bugs, and ensuring the stability of 
our premium client. 
 
 
 
 
14 Months 
NPSS Edge 
 
National Payment Systems Strategy(NPSS) or UAE Instant Payment Platform (IPP) is designed to make 
Profile Summary 
2 
 
Key Skills 
Node.js 
Nestjs 
TypeScript 
Javascript 
Postgresql 
PLSQL Oracle 
.NET Core 
Redis 
Typeorm 
Kafka 
Activemq 
Microservices 
Restful Web API Development 
Language 
English 
Expert 
Tamil 
Expert 
 
                                                                                                                     
 
 
 
 
payment systems universally interoperable and foster the transition to a cashless society built around 
real-time. It is the Instant Payment Platform (IPP) that enables real-time faster payments and funds 
transfers around the clock (24*7) and digital payments across the UAE financial sector. 
 
13 Months 
Torus 9.0 
 
Torus 9.0 is a POC project, with a main goal of developing our torus application with latest 
technologies, more features. 
 
3 Months 
Torus 
 
Torus is a NextGen Unified Low code platform that follows a model-driven approach for building, 
extending, integrating, and deploying rich cloud-based applications rapidly. Using Torus we can create 
the project based on requirements from the client with very low code. 
 
19 Months 
Veracious Payment Hub 
 
VPH is the critical problem solver for Banks created using TORUS. It includes processes like Cheque 
Clearance System, Mandate, Electronic Fund Transfer, and Real-Time Gross Settlement. Both the Credit 
and Debit processes are handled in the project. Cheques are scanned and stored as an image file using 
a windows application.