To,
The Manager,
Human Resource Department,

Dear Sir/Madam,

I am writing to apply for the post of S.M.E/Lead/Q.C/Banking & Financial Analyst. I am having
overall 6.2 years of comprehensive 
experience
 in banking and financial services; I am
presently working in TA CONSULTANCY SERVICES,

I wish to submit to you here with the copy of my resume in the belief that there exists a
vacancy and looking towards a fruitful and meaningful association with your esteemed
organization with an assurance of high quality of work while putting in my abilities and best
efforts towards organization objectives.

I would be grateful if you could kindly consider my application
favorably. I look forward to hear from you.
Thanking You.

Fazil PP
Banking and Financial Analyst - (BFSI)
Email - fazilpp78@gmail.com
Mob - +91(8754517038)

CURRICULUM VITAE

CAREER 
OBJECTIVE


To pursue a challenging career in company offering opportunities for utilizing my

skills
 towards the growth of the organization.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

B.E Civil (with 68.%), 2016 - Anna University Chennai
Higher Secondary (with 55%), 2012 - Asan Higher Sec School Chennai
CBSE (with 66%), 2010 - Asan Senior Sec School Chennai

ORGANIZATIONAL 
EXPERIENCE

TA CONSULTANCY SERVICES

 Current Designation : Senior Analyst (SME Role)
 Duration
: Dec 2019 to till date

JOB 
PROFILE

Banking and Financial Services - (BFSI)

ROLES HANDLES
Managing the Team member's Productivity, Efficiency, Quality. Updating the 3*3 Matrix.
Quality Checks on Loans which completed by the Team in Random wise.
Mentoring newly hired associates on process protocols and queries.
Act Role as Backup TL for absence of Supervisor.

Designing action plan for the process.
Conducting Team Huddle on every day.
Sending necessary production reports to my manager and to Clients on time.
Activities: Preparing MIS, Allocation to the team, Production activity and Preparing QC
reports.
Preparing Month End Reports for Auditing.

Professional 
Achievements

Received 4 Times Star Performance Award
Received 8 Times ON THE SPOT AWARD
Received 2 BPS Star Performer Award overall the project

PREVIOUS ORGANIZATIONAL 
EXPERIENCE

FIRST SOURCE (ISGN & SOURCE POINT MORTGAGE)

Designation
:
Analyst
Duration
Aug 2018 to July 2019

LOAN ORIGINATION AND PRE-UNDERWRITING

Responsible for reviewing CIAP documents, applicable ratios, credit reports, examining and
evaluating transitions to certain accuracy, full file review, communicating with loan processor's
and Underwriter's

Key Responsibilities in Loan Origination and Pre-
underwriting (ISGN)

*
Well Trained in all the stages of US residential process i.e. loan origination through
underwriting for Cash out, Refinance, HELOC loans
Analyze Credit, Income, Title and Asset document for all products handled by Mortgage
Industry.
Review the application packages and all trailing documents received from customer and 3rd
parties.
Complete full file review to insure adherence to investor and program requirements.
Order documents related to property, income, Title, asset & credit and review the same.

If any loans that fall of guidelines, identify and work through alternatives with
Team Leads and communicate them to the Loan Processor's (LP's).
Meet established turnaround times (TAT) required for reviewing individual documents
and initiating task.
Meet productivity, quality and TAT requirements.
Continually studying underwriting guidelines to ensure approvals sent out are
accurate in relation to the Investor and program type.

Nature of Work

o
Processing Orders for clients in USA via Client's application.
Generating a property report for the client, in order to satisfy their requirements and
commitments in Mortgage Services.
Dealing with the residential mortgage, in the forms of Deeds, Mortgages, Taxes,
Liens/Judgments and the entire land descriptions.
Well 
Experience
 in 4C's documents reviewing and validating as per the client guidelines.
Processing Orders which client requires on High Priority Level Orders.

Pre Underwriting:

Performed a key role in underwriting, Reviewed 4C's of Underwriting (Credit, Capacity,
Capital and Collateral) documents to take decision on the loan whether the borrower is
eligible for a loan or not, as per Fannie/Freddie & respective client guidelines.

Credit - In Credit report, we verify Borrower Name, SSN, Credit Score, Public records,
Inquiries, Address Discrepancy within last 24 Months and Additional SSN. Reconcile the
liabilities from the Credit report and verify any mortgage late within 12 months.

Capacity - Ability to re-pay. We calculate Salaried, Self-
employment
 and Other income.
Salaried income will be calculate from Pay stub, W-2 and verification of 
Employment
.
Self-
Employment
 income will be calculated from Tax returns (1040). Other income will be
calculated from supporting documents.

Capital - Overall financial strength of a Borrower. Here we verify the asset statements or
Bank statement of the borrower and calculate the asset.

Collateral - We will review the appraisal report and we will send a file to onshore to make a
final decision.

LOAN CLOSING:

Key Responsibilities in Loan Closing :

Updating HUD & GFE with appropriate documents
Updating Closing disclosure document
Verifying the all bunch of documents with single package before loan moving into
Funding stage.

Account Maintenance , Payoff,SII,Tax & Insurance:

Key Responsibilities :

Name change, address change, due date change by verifying valid authorized
certificates or documents
Creating simple and manual payoff and sending it the borrowers
Validating and routing tax documents to account owners
Providing 3rd party authorization by validating POA,WILLS,DEED

KEC PVT LTD

Designation :
Site Execution
Jul 2016 to July 2018

STRENGTH

Ability to establish team work

Good leadership 
skills

Strong willingness to learn new 
skills
 and abilities

PERSONAL DETAILS

 DOB: 25/12/1992

 PASSPORT NUMBER:R5548649 DATE OF EXPIRY: 15/01/2028

 
Languages
 known: English, French

 
Hobbies
: Swimming, Traveling

 Nationality: Indian

I hereby declare that the above-furnished details are true and the best of my knowledge,
Information and belief.

Place: Chennai
Date:
(FAZIL PP)