CONTACT 
 
+91 8667734286 
muruganvj04@gmail.com 
chennai 
EDUCATION 
2 014 -2018 
 
PONDICHERRY ENGINEERING 
COLLEGE 
 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
SKILLS 
 
Programming 
Language 
Testing Tool 
: 
Java 
: 
Selenium 
Frameworks 
: 
Integration 
Process 
Build Tools 
Bug Tracking 
Tool 
Version Control 
Tool 
API Testing 
: 
: 
: 
Java 
Cucumber 
TestNG 
Junit, POM 
Data Driven 
Jenkins 
Agile 
Maven 
: JIRA 
: 
: 
Git 
Postman 
LANGUAGES 
 
Tamil 
English 
 
 
 
 
MURUGAN U 
SOFTWARE TEST ENGININEER 
 
 
PROFILE 
Dedicated and detail-oriented software testing professional with 
3.4 years of experience seeking to leverage expertise in ensuring 
product quality through comprehensive testing methodologies. 
Eager to contribute to a dynamic team in delivering high-quality 
software solutions. 
WORK  EXPERIENCE 
 
ATOS Global IT Solution & Services Pvt Ltd | Software Test 
Engineer| February 2021 to August 2023. 
ATOS Global IT Solution & Services Pvt Ltd| Support Officer| 
June 2019 to August 2020. 
Experience summary 
Over all 3.4 years’ experience in Software Testing with a 
solid understanding about Manual and Automation 
Testing. 
Strong Experience in implementation and Automation of 
tests using Selenium WebDriver. 
Good Experience in BDD Framework, TestNG, Junit, 
POM,Frameworks. 
Experience in Test Planning and designing test cases. 
Experience in Build Automation tools such as Maven. 
Hands on Experience in Storing the code in GitHub. 
Very much Familiar with Bug-Tracking tools like JIRA. 
Experience in OOPs concepts and Java Programming. 
Expertise in Understanding and Analyzing Test. 
Requirements, Tracking changes and Maintenance of Test 
Requirements. 
Experience in customizing organizational standard test 
process and test template according to the project 
requirements. 
PROJECTS 
 
Project 1: Wayfair (February 2021 to August 2023) 
 
Description: Wayfair is an e-commerce company that specializes in selling furniture and home 
goods online. The company was founded in 2002 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, 
USA. Wayfair operates in various countries and has become one of the largest online retailers for 
home furnishings and decor. 
 
Wayfair primarily operates through its online platform, allowing customers to browse and 
purchase products from the comfort of their homes. The website and mobile app provide a user-
friendly interface for easy navigation and shopping. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
Understanding and Analyzing the Application under Testing terms of Object Identification. 
Test Automation using Selenium Web driver 
Cucumber Framework. 
Creating Test scenarios and Collecting Test Data. 
Identifying end to end scenarios and code modularity. 
Creating reusable components. 
Creating and enhancing Test Cases (Test Scripts) using Element locators, Web Driver methods, 
Java programming concepts. 
Error Handling, Adding comments. 
Creating Data driven Tests and Running through framework. 
Analyzing Test Results and Reporting Defects. 
Tracking Defects and Select Test cases for Regression Testing. 
Finding solutions for Object Identification issues 
and error handling issues. 
Project 2: Powell’s Books (November 2019 to August 2020) 
Role: Software Test Engineer 
Tools & Technology: Core Java, Cucumber, POM, Maven, Git, Jenkins, API – MySQL. 
 
Description: Powell’s Books calls itself the world’s largest independent online retailer of new and old books. 
The Portland, Oregon based company was established in 1971.It ranks among the top shopping websites in 
the UK because you can buy rare books that are no longer printed from their used books section. Powell also 
gifts, souvenirs, and a festival need online. 
Responsibilities: 
• Analyzing the BRD document. 
• Involvement in preparation of test scenarios, test cases and test data. 
• Identifying the test cases which needs to be automated and which cannot be an automated. 
• Prepare the automation script with selenium java using TESTING framework. 
• Expertise in developing BDD scripts using feature files by cucumber. 
• Worked on parallel execution, priority, cross browser testing using TESTNG Environment, Java, 
Selenium, WebDriver, Eclipse. 
• Creating test cases using element locators and selenium web driven methods. 
• Regression script execution and analyze the results. 
• Reporting the bugs to the development team and analyzing issues. 
• Implementation of data driven framework. 
• Involved in smoke testing and regression testing using selenium. 
• Analyses the changes in the new build and updates it accordingly. 
 
Support Officer: June 2019 to October 2019. 
 
National Savings and Investments in UK Project is a state-owned saving Bank which 
offers a secure way to store the customer money. The objective of project is to maintain 
customer’s savings scheme, generate statements for payments, updating customer 
scheme details, calculation of interest and providing customer support services. 
 
Tool Used: SADT, NS&I Thaler, LRA Thaler, Experience Bank Wizard, Trat, MLA Database. 
 
Responsibilities 
 
• Problem Solving: Resolve technical issues reported by users. Analyze problems, gather 
information and apply my knowledge to find effective solutions. 
• Customer Assistance: Provide timely and accurate support to customers, either in person 
or via email or through remote assistance tools. I provide guidance and explanations to 
users in a clear and understandable manner, especially to individuals with limited 
technical knowledge. 
• Installation and Setup: I assist users in setting up and configuring new hardware and 
software. This can involve installing operating systems, applications, drivers, and other 
necessary components. 
• User Training: We will provide basic training to users on how to use specific software 
applications, tools or systems effectively to minimize user-related issues. 
 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the above particulars are true to the best of my knowledge. 
MURUGAN U