OBJECTIVE

Yuvaraj

To work for the organization where I can build my 
skills
 and knowledge towards the company
growth and my career growth.

EDUCATION

Postgraduate | MBA Finance -Sri Venkateshwara University
- GPA: Excellent

EXPERIENCE
 (Investment Banking)
Process Expert in Fund Accounting and Hedge Fund Reconciliation| Barclays
Global Services.
Full time - worked remotely, Located in Chennai

Job Description:
Working as a Process Expert in the field of Fund Accounting and Hedge Fund Reconciliation
with 1 year of 
experience
.

Responsibilities - Operations:

*

Experience
 in end-to-end Reconciliation process pertaining to cash & Position recon.
Hands on 
experience
 in reconciling the breaks like dividends, failed trades, Trade processing
differences etc.
Identify the Miscellaneous payments and routing it to the responsible teams.
Following up of aged breaks with onshore team to create an offset entry to resolve the break.
Analyse the root cause for the discrepancy in Cash and Position.
Delivery the work on time and with quality.
Responsible for client queries on outstanding breaks.
Assisting Team leaders and Management, Preparing and maintaining the RCA, Dashboard and
updating the trackers to provide and complete the workflow with accuracy and quality.
I have prepared all SOP and documentation.
Investigation and review of breaks to identify the root cause to clear at the earliest and well
versed in resolution management.

Specialist in Fund Accounting and Hedge Fund Reconciliation| Sundaram
Business Services Ltd.

Working as a Specialist in the field of Fund Accounting and Hedge Fund Reconciliation with
6.5 years of 
experience
.

Chennai
+918919241749
Yuvaraj9247@gmail.com

Obtaining the broker statements from various websites on daily basis.
I have downloaded the Project (Reconciliation) through Pilot process.
I'm the part of quarterly internal Audit process.
I'm the reviewer for all the activities in my team
Pricing check for all portfolio investments such as Equities, Futures, Swaps, Options and
Bonds as per investment broker statements and Bloomberg Support.
Working on Fixed income securities, OTC Derivatives, Swaps and Equities.
Extracting of breaks and match report on daily basis as per client requirements.
Working and assisting with other associates in meeting common goals.
Reviewing of funds once the processer done from their end.
Co- ordinate with NAV team to ensure the timely delivery of NAV Pack to the clients
Interact and partner with cross functional teams to ensure smooth and timely completion of
activities and facilitate knowledge transfer.

Experience
 in Fund Accounting and end-to-end reconciliation process in cash and Position
Reconciliation of Hedge funds.
Interaction with clients for any queries relating to the Process and resolve any breaks and
issues of deliverables

COURSES/CERTIFICATES
Financial markets beginner's module (NCFM)

ACHIEVEMENTS

Received the Star performer award for the month of Aug'2016, Feb'2017, Aug'2019 and
Apr'20.
Received Spot award for the month of Oct'2018 for completing the more than 70 ITR forms
within one month of period.
Promoted as a senior associate in April'2017
Promoted as specialist in April'2019
Received top performance bonus 70K in April'2021 by achieving exceeded expectation

SKILLS

Strong Microsoft Office 
skills

Teamwork
Time management
Commitment
A Quick learner
Quality assurance
Presentations 
skills

Critical thinking

 
LANGUAGES

English - very good
Telugu - Native
Tamil - Speaking

 Declaration:

The information furnished above is correct to the best of my knowledge.

Date:

Place: