9597847656
Yuviit50@gmail.com
Yuvaraj Palanisamy
Senior Software Engineer (.Net)

SUMMARY

*
8+ years of 
experience
 in software development.
Involved in Software Development Life Cycle like Requirement, Analysis, Design, Implementation and Testing.
Followed Agile methodology with daily scrum meetings and providing user story updates.
Designed and developed various abstract classes, interfaces, classes to construct the business logic using C#.NET.
Developed SPA (Single page Applications) using Angular, widely used angular UI components.
Used Web API as an ideal platform in building Restful applications on .NET Framework
Using SQL server 2014 database as back-end along with the Entity Framework and LINQ to access the databases.
Used RabbitMQ, SignalR and Selenium for creating automated Robotic Process.
Exposure in AI Technologies such as RASA and LUIS Framework (Chat bot and NLQ bot)
Strong analytical and dynamic trouble shooting 
skills
 coupled with excellent communication 
skills
 and able to work
individually and as a team.
Knowledge on Azure, Docker, and Kubernetes clusters.
Flexible to work anywhere and ready to relocate.

EXPERIENCE

Feb 2019 - Present: Senior Software Engineer in ByteForza Technologies Private Ltd, Coimbatore, Tamilnadu, India.
July 2017 - Jan 2019: Software Developer in Logic Valley Technologies Private Ltd, Coimbatore, Tamilnadu, India.
Feb 2015 - July 2017: Software Engineer in Studiosoft Solutions Private Ltd, Coimbatore, Tamilnadu, India.
TECHNICAL 
SKILLS

Operating System
: Windows XP/7/8 and 10
Primary 
Skills

: ASP.NET, MVC, .Net Core, Web API (REST)
Web Technologies
: Angular 8, JavaScript, jQuery, CSS, Bootstrap.
,
Database Server
: SQL Server 2008, SQL Server 2008 R2, SQL 2014
AI Technologies
: RASA & LUIS Framework
Messaging Queue
: RabbitMQ
Automation

: Selenium & FlaUI
Version Control
: Tortoise SVN, TFS & GIT.

EDUCATION

Master of Computer Applications (MCA) from Sri Ramakrishna Engineering College Coimbatore completed in the year
2014 with CGPA of 7.91
BSc (Information Technology) from VLB Janakiammal College of Arts and Science, Coimbatore completed in the year 2011
with Aggregate of 74%

PROJECT

Web-based data collection Tool
Web-based data collection tool that facilitates Organization personnel to collect and manage in a central database,
environmental information of sites. Web-based data collection tool provides a single data management interface
integrating data from multiple systems, into an application. Users (current and future personnel) can use Data collection
tool as a repository to store Organization data.
Environment: .NET Core, C#, REST API, Entity Framework, Angular 8
Job Responsibilities:
➢ Participated requirements walkthrough meetings and understand the business requirements, design, and
document technical design for the business requirements.
➢ Involved in developing GUI Angular components.
➢ Involved in designing Database schema using SQL Server 2012.
➢ Involved in writing REST API for establish connection with database and fetching data.
➢ Used Azure DevOps based CI & CD pipeline for application deployment.
➢ Involved in supporting and maintaining the project.
Used Inversion of Control with Dependency Injection for Services, DTO support for the business Layer.

Tracking Tool

Inspection Tracking Tool is a suite of digital tools supporting environmental field inspectors and their managers.
It supports improved quality, consistency, and timeliness of field inspections. It
supports inspectors through the entire inspection process from scheduling an inspection to generating
the draft inspection report for managerial review and, ultimately, approval. Each phase of the inspection
is captured in its own module in our tool for easy organization and efficient collecting of
observations.
Environment: .NET Core, C#, REST API, Entity Framework, Angular 10
➢ Worked in agile framework as an individual contributor and conducted in story grooming, reviewing
story/acceptance criteria team meetings.
➢ Conducted the sprint planning and retrospective meetings and
➢ Managed the team by assign the user stories and clarifying the tasks.
➢ Collaborated and worked with global teams to deliver product.
➢ Involved in writing web components using Angular 10.
➢ Involved in implementing Chatbot using RASA (AI Technologies).
➢ Integrated the Text to SQL third party tool to predicate the SQL query using PICARD.

Enterprise Tool

An Enterprise tool for Planning, Programming, Budgeting & Execution (PPBE) Process. A comprehensive application that
functions as both a project management tool and a single authoritative electronic repository for the project and fiscal
details on environmental requirements. It is designed to accurately define project costs, manpower costs, and
programmatic funding levels.
Environment: Angular 5, MVC, WEB API & SQL Server 2014
➢ Involved in different stages of SDLC like requirements, Analysis, Design, Coding and Testing.
➢ Involved in discussing technical issues at SCRUM meetings and Preparing TDD (Technical Design Document) for
each process.
➢ Used Log4Net logging framework for logging messages with various levels written throughout the code.
➢ Utilized code review tools such as SONARQUBE.

Compliance Management System
A compliance management system that provides assessment managers with the tools needed to effectively plan,
coordinate, and manage assessments. The tools aid users to manage assessment timelines, write findings, review findings
and track required corrective actions. Reports can be generated in hard or soft copy for quick dissemination.
Environment: Asp.Net with C#, SQL Server 2014.
➢ Involved in developing Exceed prototypes to demonstrate to customers.
➢ Used HTML and CSS for front-end development.
➢ Focused on application maintenance and involved in application improvements based on CR's.

Online School Clothing
A website to maintain the school uniforms for over 180 schools with online shopping. Ecommerce website to support
school uniform supplier where customers can place order.
Environment: Asp.Net with C#, SQL Server 2008 R2
➢ Involved in Admin site and Ecommerce (Web) site development using ASP.Net Web Forms
➢ Involved in Data Organizing and Table structure design.
➢ Task management and Integrated Website with Word press site.
➢ Performed the Data migration from the older system to latest system through SSRS.
➢ Responsible for supporting and maintaining the project.

PRODUCT

Website Development (Web Studio) V1 and V2
A website to maintain the product details with shopping option which offers the customer to order their products through
online. It also has admin control in which we can maintain the employee details, order details, payment details etc.
Environment: Microsoft ASP.NET 4.0, SQL Server 2008 R2, Infragistics 2015.1, jQuery, Easy Ask Search Engine
(New Version - AngularJS, MVC, Web API (REST)).
➢ Implementing Business Logic in ASP.Net and design the web UI.
➢ Major contributed as an individual developer and participated in story discussion.
➢ Involved in Back-end/Front-end Testing by writing Test Cases using Bug Fixing, Debugging and documentation of
the system.
➢ Ensured cross-platform optimization for mobile phones.
➢ Contributed with TSQL, creating, and developing store procedures, functions, triggers, and 
experience
 in
troubleshooting database performance issues.
➢ Involved in the documentation of the project.
➢ Involved in Bug Fixing and maintenance.
Field Force Management (Geo Force)
A website to maintain Field agent task management with monitoring field agent's performance. Task scheduler, Location
detector and task details will be shown in the web dashboard.
Environment: MVC, Web API (REST)), SQL Server 2017, jQuery
➢ Efficiently implemented a variety of full-stack features, including RESTful APIs with C# and ASP.NET Web API,
server-side views with C# and ASP.NET MVC 5, and dynamic client-side interfaces with Ajax, JSON, jQuery.
➢ Implementing Stored Procedures to improve performance.
➢ Implementing Web API for Mobile Applications.

Declaration
I hereby declare that the above particulars given by me are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and
belief.

Place:

Date:

[Yuvaraj. P]