Mani M
Email: manipavanmuthyalapati@gmail.com Mobile: +91 -9640998488
Professional 
Summary
:
Having 3.3 years of Professional 
experience
 in IT industry, Involved in MSBI & SQL 
projects
 with extensive usage of ETL like SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
Have worked in multiple 
projects
 as BI Developer in Designing ETL Packages and reports in development and implementation stages of the Project according to client requirements.
24/7 support of production & application maintenance support.

Experience
 in performance tuning of database objects like Tables, Views and Stored Procedures maintenance.
Proven proficiency at Data Transformations like Lookup, Derived Column, Conditional Split, Sort, data Conversion, Union All, Merge Join and OLEDB Command to load data into SQL Server destination.
Experienced in all project phases using Agile Methodology/Scrum.
Experienced in SDLC: requirement gathering, analysis, development, deploying, creation, migration and schedule of jobs.
Having 
experience
 in designing, developing and Deploying Packages in SQL Server Integration Service (SSIS).
Extensive database programming 
Experience
 in writing T-SQL Stored procedures, User Defined Functions, Constraints and using various DDL and DML commands.
Educational Qualifications:
Completed Bachelor of Computers from 2019, Acharya Nagarjuna University.
Professional 
Experience
:
Working as Software Engineer in E2 SOLUTIONS INDIA PVT LTD from NOV 2020 to MAR 2022.
Working as DATABASE in FININFO COM PVT LTD from APR 2022 to JAN 2024.
Technical 
Skills
:
Technologies:Microsoft Business Intelligence pack (MSBI)
Databases:MS SQL Server, Oracle, MY SQL
ETL Tool:SQL Server Integration Services - SSIS
Ticketing Tool:Jira

Languages
:SQL SERVER
Operating systems: Windows family
Performance Tools: SQL Profiler
Project Details:
Project 1: -
Organization: E2 SOLUTIONS INDIA PVT LTD
Project Title: TLG
Period: OCT 2019 to DEC 2021
Environment: SQL Server 2019, SSIS
Type: Development and Support
Description:
A CPG entity of ITC limited wanted to explore how to use the digital medium in the best possible way to engage with our consumers in a more effective way. Their marketing development team caters to five premium channels in the market which includes visibility as well as stock availability support. Business needs mobile applications to track status of visibility and stock availability at outlet level on a fixed frequency. The data needs to be represented in a more efficient and usable way for field team and HO team to analyze. Business needs an integrated platform for data capture and dashboard (with analytics) for data presentation.
Responsibilities:
Collecting the requirements from the Business Analysts.
Took part in the Design Phase, Build Phase and Testing Phase.
Design and develop of SSIS packages for loading the data from source to target using various stages.
Involved in migration of objects from Development to Testing and to Production environment.
Participated in project planning sessions with project managers, business analysts and team members to analysis business requirements and outline the proposed solution.
Mainly involved in ETL Development and support.
Project 2: -
Organization: FININFO COM PVT LTD
Project Title: EPOS (ELECTRONIC POINT OF SALE)
Period: APR 2022 to TILL NOW
The Fininfocom PVT LTD wanted to provide (EPOS) Electronic Point of Sale. Best Hospitality epos Software and Till Systems for Restaurants, Bars, Cafes, Takeaways, Bakeries, Food Courts, Nightclubs, Casual Dining. We will Provide Services to Customers Like ordering Foods, Drinks etc. in Restaurants with (or) without servants by scanning Barcodes, through web and mobiles etc. We will provide an application which provide all these services to the clients. The application which is provided by us, is Eco-friendly with the customers.
As per my role includes both development and support of the project.
Daily I have to check the log tables whether any issue is coming when we were fixed it as soon as possible.
We are taking the data from multiple sources to transfer the data different sources by the business requirements.
If any issues I checking with testing team and manager by the requirement of client.
If we want any change in the application provided to client, then I will consult particular team as per the requirement of the client.
Mainly our business requirement we are creating multiple packages by using of ETL development which is the requirement of the client.
We are creating SQL queries by using Joins and common table expressions and set operators procedures etc.
Mani