To achieve a significant and responsible level by sheer dedication towards my duty. Looking forward to associate with an organization which supplies an opportunity to contribute and upgrade my knowledge and skills.



Handling the 15 members team and connecting with the team and the onshore clients.
Ensure accurate, timely and high-quality service, including KPI management.
Discuss with the team on regularly and coordinate to achieve the SLA assignment by the client.
Strong Knowledge in P2P process with Knowledge transition for different regions.
Ensuring SLA’s are met with quality and thoroughly observing performance backgrounds.
Allocating and split the volume of both the PO & Non-PO invoice to the team and make sure the payment process on the smooth way.
Weekly calls and daily Ad-hoc calls with internal team and on shore to resolve the query.
Handling the Escalation matrix and providing the necessary solution to the team sort out the issues.
Maintaining and analyzing the key reports like FMEA, CAPA and make sure to avoid similar payments issues in the future.
Work Allocation, Supervision, and Follow up on allocated tasks.
Weekly, Monthly & Quarterly MIS reporting to client.
Ensuring invoices are processed within timelines and payment executed as scheduled.
Making a periodic assessment of all internal controls and updating the process documentation with any changes.
Preparing the payment ageing report, Invoice cycle time and Payment history reports.
Sharing dashboards on a weekly basis and scheduling conference to discuss along with metrics.
Managing the complete month end closure and other post close activities.
Training and orientation of new recruits to the various processes and Cross Training of Associates.
Scheduling Half yearly and Year end performance appraisals of team members 
Ensure that the audit conducted by client and internal audit team comes out with satisfactory ratings.
Customer payment analysis, Tracking & updating daily cash deposits.
Calculating Tax percentage allows to securing the prompt payments.
Knowledgeable in verifying the accounting ledger against customer information to maintain payment accuracy.
Maintaining trackers includes Inventory report, Productivity tracker and cross-training and Weekly deck report.


Monitor and processing the Daily Invoices in SAP within Turnaround time.
Releasing the payments to the clients as per agreed payment terms and providing the necessary banking details for the same.
Weekly calls with clients and vendor team to ensure the smooth run of the process.
Quality checks are done on weekly basis to ensure the accuracy of the payment.
Processing invoices through 3way matching (Invoice, PO and GRN Receipt) in SAP.
Checking invoices in the workflow queue such as (PO, Non-PO & critical invoices) cleared within stipulated time.
Weekly call with internal Ops team (Purchasing and Logistics) for the invoice, Insurance and other necessary documents for the invoicing process for the payments on time.
Responsible for the reversals & re-bookings of the incorrectly processed documents.
Supplying the necessary credit / Debit Memo against invoice for the purchasing team for the return / rejected material.
Approve the invoice post verification and forward for payment processing.
Ensure error free processing of invoice and avoid outstanding payments.
Responsibility of controlling and approving the invoices in three aspects, such as Business operations, Tariff amount and accounting aspect.
Ensure the payments to be done daily / weekly / monthly based on business requirements.
Validate the bank details in the ERP before running the payment process to avoid fraudulent payment.
Working on the multiple banking platforms as the client having bank accounts in different countries with different currencies. We must validate and make the payment disbursement.
Ensuring the international payment protocols such as swift code, IBAN and other taxes which have adhered to the respective client region to avoid payment delay for the recipients.
Payment should be released as per the agreed payment terms in Vendor master i.e., 60 days, 90 days from the date of supply.
Preparing the necessary MIS report as per the client requirement.
Saving the cost to control the invoices and collecting credit notes will be major KPI.
Handled AP operations to ensure assigned targets are met within timelines.
Weekly, Monthly & Quarterly MIS reporting to client.
Conducting team huddle daily to analyze the criticality of the process and new updates.
Ensuring invoices are processed within timelines and payment executed as scheduled.
Managing the complete Month end closure and other post close activities.
To ensure payment process being executed within timelines and coordinating with treasury team for payment execution.
Interacting with customers on daily/weekly/monthly/quarterly basis on various issues.
Ensuring NO credit holds/Line down situations and fixing the issue within 4 hours if in case of CREDIT Hold
Creating Payment run proposal and processing in ERP
Issuing Credit note and Debit note relates to Purchase and sales return.
Fortnightly we must run the cash flow to know the current business position.
Based on the cash flow statements of both payable and receivable, we should inform the respective vendor team for the delay on payment for the good relationship vendor.
Close follow up with receivable team for the acknowledgement on payment collection which was due on coming days to maintain the cash flow.

Onsite training to Singapore for the New Process development.
Received “Pat on the Back award” from Flex for seamless business support and OTD.
Knowledge in ERP Package of SAP, Baan IV & V.
Expertise in MS Office Applications and Data tools like Power Bi and Macros.

Mobility	:	Able to Travel.
Status	:	Married
Born	:	09.01.1990.
Father Name	:	C.S. Rajendran
Nationality	:	Indian
Languages Known	:	English, Tamil

I hereby informed that the above furnished information is correct and true to the best of my knowledge.

         Place: Chennai 
         Date: 									VINODH RAJENDRAN