AJAYKUMAR D
5, Big street, kesavarajakuppam, Tiruvallur(dist), Tamilnadu - 631208
ajaykumard2609@gmail.com | 6382835933

OBJECTIVE

Highly motivated and dedicated iOS developer with 1 year of professional 
experience
 seeking a challenging position in
adynamic organization where I can contribute my 
skills
 and knowledge in developing innovative and user-friendly
iOSapplications. I am eager to further enhance my expertise in iOS development while collaborating with a talented team to
createexceptional mobile experiences.

SUMMARY

ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

SKILLS

Swift (Programming Language)

Objective
 C
IPhone Application Development
IOS Development
Xcode
Coco & CocoTouch Framework
Third party SDK's & API Integrations
GitHup & GitLap
Firebase
Core Data & SQL
Auto Layout

PROJECTS

Highly skilled and collaborative iOS developer with 1 year of professional 
experience
 in dynamic IT infrastructure
environments.Organized and deadline-driven, consistently delivering high-quality results. Strong expertise in iOS development,
with a focus oncreating innovative and user-friendly applications.
Reviewed and assessed client requirements, wireframes, and designs to ensure technical feasibility. Collaborated closely
withscrum team members to translate client requirements into actionable user stories, contributing to efficient
projectimplementation. Enhanced product quality by conducting thorough code reviews and providing constructive feedback to
thedevelopment team.
Netaxis It Solution Private limited
IOS Developer
September 2022 - Present
PERI INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY
Bachelor of Engineering
81%
2018 - 2022
GOVERNMENT BOYS HIGHER SECONDARY SCHOOL
HSC
75%
2017 - 2018
GOVERNMENT HIGH SCHOOL
SSLC
93%
2015 - 2016
Locker.link
This app is used as a password manager app that creates strong passwords for your accounts and remembers them safely
foryou. Keeps your passwords safe and shareable.
IMPLEMENTATION
Encryption and Decryption
Alamofire

LANGUAGE
Tamil : Read , write and speak
English : Read , write and speak
DECLARATIONS
Social login
Subscription(payment)
MyCalling
This application is used as a softphone for voice and video over IP calling and instant messaging. It is SIP based for all
call,presence and IM features.
This application based on Linephone
Linephone SDK
Firebase handling
Callkit
video call & voice call & group call & call recording
Individual chat & voice chat & group chat
AudioName
AudioName is an application that allows you to record your name and use it for your web presence through various social
andprofessional networking sites.
NFC tag
AVFoundation
Webkit
Editing tool
Contributing Name - likes, sharing, points, rewards
I hereby declare that the information provided above is true and accurate to the best of my knowledge. I understand that
anymisrepresentation or omission may result in disqualification from the recruitment process or termination if employed.