No.11, Thiruvethiamman kovil
street, Thiruvanmiyur, chennai-41.
DINESH M
i O S  D e v e l o p e r
+91 8122620276
dineshm19990212@gmail.com
CONTACT
Looking for a growth oriented organisation that will utilize my
skill and knowledge. I am working a position driven by challenges
which provide an environment to be more creative, to work both
independently and as a part of a team so that I can utilize and
expand my knowledge and skill
PERSONAL INFO
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Knowledge in Notification (Push &
Local) .
Api, REST API, postman, google
location.
Knowledge in Appstore Submission.
Git and GitHub.
Good knowledge on UI designs.
SOFTWARE EXPOSURE: 
Programming Language: C and
Swift.
IDE: Xcode.
Framework: Cocoa Touch. 
Web services: JSON Parser. 
Database: SQLite
Operating System: MAC OS
WORK EXPERIENCE
Fort InfoCorp
iOS Developer (July/2021 - Till Now)
Developed and maintained iOS Application using
swift.following best coding practices and design principles.
Collaborated with the design and product teams to understand
project requirements.
Integrated REST APIs for data Retrieval and updated,
ensuring seamless communication with backend services.
Implemented Tableview, Collectionview, location access,
TabBar. 
Implemented user interface using builder and programmed
custom ui components as needed.
Performed thorough testing and debugging to identify and fix
bugs, ensuring the stability and performance of the application.
Optimized app performance by identifying and resolving
bottlenecks related to memory management, network requests,
and database queries.
Maintained clear and Detailed Documentation for future
reference and knowledge sharing.
Responsibilities:
PERSONAL SKILLS:
Willingness to pick up any new project-related techniques.
Decision making, team management, and project management
are all important skills to have. 
Writing clean, efficient, and reusable code.
PROJECT 1:
Zillion - Rewards & Loyalty program
DESCRIPTION
Zillion a Multi Branded Loyalty program that
Enable you to earn Redeem Coins at Multiple
categories and brands with a wide range of
Offline and Online partners.
Device :- iPhone
Environment & Tool: Swift Storyboard 
Home Foodi - Food Order App
DESCRIPTION
Home Food is authentic and Traditional Home
food, made by the finest home chefs , taste,
health, hygiene, and cleanliness, variety of
cuisines and Recipes for food, cakes and sweets.
Device :- iPhone
Environment & Tool: Swift Storyboard 
PROJECT 2:
DINESH M
DATE:
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Highly motivated and results-driven iOS Developer
with 2+ years. 
Experience in the development and delivery of high-
quality iOS applications. Skilled in Swift with a deep
understanding of iOS frameworks, architecture, and
design patterns. 
Proven ability to translate project requirements into
efficient and scalable code, while adhering to coding
standards and best practices. 
Strong collaboration and communication skills,
working effectively with cross-functional teams to
ensure the successful execution of projects. 
Passionate about staying updated with the latest
trends and technologies in iOS development,
continuously expanding skillset and seeking
opportunities for professional growth. 
Committed to delivering exceptional user
experiences through clean, well-structured code and
intuitive app interfaces. 
Excited to contribute to dynamic and challenging
projects that push the boundaries of mobile app
development.
App link: 
https://apps.apple.com/in/app/zillion/id6447864577
App link: 
https://apps.apple.com/in/app/homefoodi-homemade-
food-app/id1492850345
Dhanraj Baid Jain College (Affiliated to Madras
University) with 74% 
(2017-2020)
EDUCATION
B.SC COMPUTER SCIENCE