TAGORE RAVINDRA M
Email: tagore.mavuru@gmail.com
Mobile: +91 9441002937

Professional 
Summary
:
*
7.5 Years of 
experience
 in testing of Web based application and Mobile App across various
domains such as Healthcare and Finance as an Automation and Manual test engineer.
Involved in implementing Hybrid Model test automation framework using Selenium.
* Good exposure on creating scripts in Selenium-Web driver by using Core Java.
Integrated Selenium automation framework with Continuous tools such as ANT.
* 
Experience
 in design, development and implementation of test automation framework using
Selenium Web Driver and unit testing frameworks such as Test NG.
* Hands on working with Auto IT.
Conducted 
training
 programs at organization level on Selenium Web driver.
* 
Experience
 in Functional Testing, Re-Testing, System Testing and Regression Testing

Experience
 in working with Project Management and Test Case management tools such as JIRA
and Buganizer.

Experience
 in authoring of test cases and execution on various browsers and operating systems.
Participated in weekly status meetings and coordinated with developers and peers to
Resolve/close defects.
Flexible and versatile to adapt to any new environment and work on any project.

Technical Expertise
Automation Tools

:
Selenium (Web Driver), Espresso
Frameworks

Test NG
Programming 
Languages

Core Java
Development Editors

Eclipse, ASWB
Test Case Management Tools

JIRA, Buganizer, Test Tracker
Version Control Tools

SVN
Operating Systems

Windows, Linux

Academic
 Background:
M.C.A from Aditya Institute of Technology and Management, JNTU Kakinada (2010-2013)

Experience
 
Summary
:

Worked as QA Engineer at Prime KI Software solutions Pvt. Ltd, Hyderabad from Aug 2014 to
Nov 2018.
Working as Senior Consultant at Virtusa Systems (INDIA) Private Limited from Nov 2018 to
present.

PROJECT #1:

APPLICATION : PLAY STORE

CLIENT: GOOGLE
TESTING TYPE: MOBILE APP (ESPRESSO)
TEAM SIZE: 5

Project Description:

The main 
objective
 of the Project is to automate the PLAY Store Apps android application
Mobile Test Cases. Play Store is library where users can download/install applications.

Responsibilities:

● Worked on migrating the code to Espresso framework for mobile automation
● Guiding teammates in writing the use cases.
● Worked on new requirements from the client based on new rules and changes.
● Involved in development of critical user stories.
● Performing management tasks.
● Sending Project Daily Status and Consolidated Status to Clients and Leads.
● Triaging bugs.
● Giving Knowledge Transfer to peers and resolving issues.
● Manual testing on new features and writing automation code for new features.
● Preparing test plans & tracking them for completion.
● Tracking automation runs on a daily basis and resolving or fixing if there are any issues.
● Working on Jasmine framework for migration of existing Selenium web test cases to Jasmine
framework.
● Worked on client tools for testing, application loading in different SDK's of Android.

PROJECT #2:

APPLICATION : VERTEXSMB
CLIENT: VERTEXSMB INC, USA
TESTING TYPE: AUTOMATION (SELENIUM-WEBDRIVER)
TEAM SIZE: 8
Vertex SMB provides cloud-based sales and use tax software for calculation and remittance,
designed for small to medium-sized companies. Vertex SMB runs on the most advanced calculation and
returns software platform in the industry, used by thousands of the largest corporations in the world.
Vertex SMB ensures that your calculations are based on accurate rates and rules.
Project Title

: Vertex SMB
Role

: QA Engineer

Client

: Vertex, USA
Environment

: C#.Net, SQL Server
Operating System
: Windows 7
Testing Tools

: Web Driver, Jira, Ant, SVN, TestnG, JUnit, AutoIt.

Scope:
Vertex, Inc. founded in 1978 services over 10,000 corporate customers for innovative tax
processing solutions. Combining advanced technology, sophisticated software, and an exceptional team
of experienced tax experts, helps their customers unlock huge process and productivity gains, limit risk,
and make tax a more integral, strategic contributor to business success. Vertex SMB is a division created
within Vertex to create a new product offering targeted to the Small-Mid Market for Tax calculation

Adding/updating the New Classes/Functions for the Selenium IntelliQ Automation Framework.
Developing Automation test scripts related to manual test cases, POR's and IDE Test scripts
Developing Generic/Reusable functions for Date time stamp, scheduling, database, Web
services, Mobile Apps [Android].
Developing Functions with usage of JavaScript, AutoIT [To run some part of the code] and .vbs
functions to support the Execution [Send Email, Initialize, folder cleaning]
Retesting the bugs and Posting bugs in JIRA
Executing the Smoke, Regression, UAT and Scheduler test scripts on DEV/QA/Stage/CS
Environments.
Analyzing Test Results, Preparing Result mails and sending Status Mails on daily bases
Giving the Automation test conversion Estimations.
Preparing Test steps for the Automation Test Scenarios/Datasets.

Personal Details
Marital Status
Married
 Nationality

: Indian

Languages
 Known
: English, Telugu, and Hindi
Current location
Hyderabad