Summary
Knowledgeable customer service management professional successful at improving team productivity, reducing escalated
calls and increasing customer satisfaction scores and Proven track record of providing reliable and efficient service
Experience
Teleperformance india private limited | Bangalore, Karnataka
Customer Service Associate | 06/2022 - 11/2022
Handled and quickly resolved customer issues regarding product sales and customer service problems.
Increased customer satisfaction by offering friendly, helpful and informative customer service.
Dealt with complex customer complaints professionally and politely, resolving issues with favourable solutions.
Recorded details from customer communications on CRM.
Byju's | Bangalore, Karnataka
Pre Sales Associate | 02/2021 - 03/2022
Met budget targets through responsible planning and resource allocation.
Engaged with customers to better understand needs and deliver excellent service.
Planned and executed new strategies to increase sales.
TIDC India Private Limited | Chennai, Tamil Nadu
Quality Supervisor | 08/2019 - 02/2021
Made suggestions with regard to procedures, standards and equipment to facilitate work and maintain product quality.
Conducted weekly meetings to help consistency in teamwork.
Oversaw work of manufacturing labourers and specialists.
Analysed performance reports to improve manufacturing department strategy.
Maintained workplace safety by observing occupational and environmental health requirements.
Shilpi Engineering private limited | Chennai, Tamil Nadu
Fabrication Supervisor | 06/2017 - 02/2018
Tracked employee productivity, performance and task completion to meet quality standards.
Coordinated workforce activities and monitored operations to identify and mitigate potential inefficiencies.
Planned and delegated work to meet project or production goals.
Skills
Customer service, Time management, Communication skills, Microsoft excel, Microsoft word, Microsoft excel, English
Education
Velammal Institute of Technologies | Chennai, Tamil Nadu
Bachelor of Engineering | 06/2017
 Mechanical Engineerring 
Akashram CR
8940722143 | akyramcr@gmail.com | Chennai, Tamil Nadu