SARMAN 
CHENNAI, TAMILNADU | 9384-6789-19 | mail2stay@gmail.com 
 
A dynamic professional with 4+ years of experience in US IT Technical Recruitment. 
RELEVANT SKILLS 
Tax Terms 
C2C, C2H, W2 & 1099 
Visa Statuses 
H1B, OPT, GC, USC, EAD’s 
Positions Handled 
Contract & Fulltime 
Job Portals 
Monster & Dice 
ATS 
CEIPAL, JOBDIVA 
Sourcing Techniques 
Social Media | Boolean Search | Blogs 
Recruitment Cycle 
Resume source (LinkedIn, Job Portals, Bench, Job Posts, 
Databases, Other Web & Social media search), Screening 
Resumes, Interviewing with Candidates, Evaluation of Work 
Authorization with I-94, Submission, Closure and follow-ups 
until joining 
Shift Timing 
EST & PST 
Exclusive Clients 
Ford Motors | Freddie Mac | Broadridge Financials | LPL 
Financials | PayPal 
Account Managers’ Clientele 
Altimetrik | Virtusa | Ana-Data | Hexaware 
TECHNICAL & COMPUTER PROFICIENCY 
 Typewriting  
: 
Lower & Higher with I Class (65 Words / Min) 
 Operating system 
: 
WINDOWS 98 to Windows 10 Pro 
 Computer Courses : 
Diploma In Windows Applications 
 Packages 
 
: 
MS Office, Adobe InDesign, Corel Draw X5, Photoshop. 
 Web Based 
 
: 
Proficient in Digital Marketing, WordPress Web designing 
o Google Adwords Campaign 
 Hardware 
 
: 
OS Installation, Troubleshooting, Networking 
SUMMARY 
 Proven skills in managing teams to work in sync with the corporate set parameters & motivating them 
for achieving business and individual goals.  
 Acting as an escalation gate to resolve critical issues of the team members. Skills in conducting various 
training sessions for enhancing the performance and quality of service.  
 Managing Team functions viz. manpower planning, recruitment, induction, performance appraisal, etc. 
 Strong understanding in various tax terms that exist in US staffing. 
 Specialized in the permanent, contract and contract-to-perm placement of IT professionals at all 
levels. 
 Successful in placing Sub-Contracting Consultants, US Citizens, Green Card Holders  
 Have extensive experience in the area of recruiting consultants with varied skills 
 Working for AWS, Azure, Python, Machine Learning, Data Science, Big Data, Hadoop, Teradata, Scrum 
Master, Mobile App Development, Project Manager, Informatica, Agile Coach, Automation Testing, 
Embedded, Etc. 
 Hands on experience in Business Development, Bench Sales, Vendor Database, Account Management, 
Team Handling, Delivery Management, Effective Boolean Search, Souring Quality Profiles, Technical 
Savvy 
 Developed relationships with US IT Staffing Vendors and successful placing their consultants directly 
and indirectly with US IT Giants. 
 Developed and implemented several cost-effective recruitment strategies and plans. 
 Developed and implemented comprehensive recruitment strategies, successfully attracting; 
screening, and presenting qualified candidates to clients 
 Developed and implemented strategies for proactively building resume database. 
 Successfully recruited candidates at all levels of expertise across diverse technical skills. 
 Recruited for contract, contract-to-hire and permanent high-end national and local positions, for 
Information Technology clients all over USA. 
 Successful track record in sourcing, identifying, attracting, securing, and closing the hard-to-find 
candidate under tight turnaround schedules. 
 Team worker, quick learner and possess excellent interpersonal skills. 
ORGANISATIONAL CONTOUR 
Unisync Global Solutions LLC, 
05/2020 - Current 
Senior US IT Technical Recruiter, 
Cybertrendz IT Services 
03/2018 – 04/2020 
US IT Technical Recruiter, 
Responsibilities: 
 
 Started career as a Technical Recruiter and being a Sr Technical Recruiter cum Team Lead in a Full 
Cycle of recruitment. 
 Working exclusively for Ford Motors and Freddie Mac. 
 Handling requirements from Altimetrik, Virtusa, Ana-Data, Hexaware, etc and worked with 
Multiple IT Roles, directly and maintain a good relationship with the Account Managers. 
 Managed and experienced in Cold calling, Test Screening, Short listing, scheduling interviews, 
updating the candidates, placing to the Project. 
 Dealt with H1b’s Citizens, GC holders, EAD, OPT candidates to helping out them to get Projects. 
 Experienced in negotiating the rate part, analyzing the requirement as well as the candidates. 
 Worked directly with the onsite Accounts Managers. 
 Trained the Juniors the entire recruitment Firm. (Full Cycle). 
 
ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS 
MBA (Human Resource) 
University of Madras, Tamil Nadu 
 
B.Sc (Maths) 
University of Madras, Tamil Nadu