 Oracle Financial functional consultant

Name: Harinath G
Email: harinath.oracle83@gmail.com

Phone: +91-9182794903.

 
OBJECTIVE

To grow as a Functional Consultant for oracle app financials where I can capitalize my 
skills

and abilities to the fullest extent and which will give me ample opportunities for professional
growth and learning, making the best of it towards achieving the goals of the organization,
having my contributions duly valued.

 Professional 
Summary
:
Total I have 3.5 years of 
experience
 in Fusion / E-Business suite as a Financial Functional
consultant (R12 and R13).

 
Summary
:

*
Working and process knowledge of General ledger (GL), Accounts Payable (AP), and
Accounts Receivable (AR).
Have knowledge on Cash Management and Fixed Assets modules.

Experience
 in full Life Cycle Implementation on Oracle Application.

Experience
 in using Oracle AIM and OUM of project implementation methodologies.
Prepared Functional Documents like (BR.100), (MD.50).
Deliverables and Test Cases (TE.40) for GL, AP and AR modules.
Prepared documents for UAT and Test scripts.
Excellent understanding of business process flow in (P2P).
Good team work and has ability to understand and adapt to new technologies and
environment faster.
Involved in onsite conference calls and interacting with client users to resolve issue
quickly.
Done the Configuration for AP, and AR modules as per the client needs.

 
Academic
:

B.COM computers passed out in the year 2017.

 Work 
Experience
:

 Organization
 Designation
 Duration
HCL Technologies
Functional consultant
November 2019 to Till date

3. Project Details
Fusion Cloud R13 Implementation
Client
JFE
Role
Oracle Functional Consultant
Mar-22 to Till date
Modules
GL, AP, AR and FA

 Project Description:

JFE's steel sheet are used in large quantities in fields deeply related to everyday life,
including passenger cars and trucks in the automotive field, white goods and IT
products in home electric appliances, steel houses, metal roofing and other building
materials, and containers such as beverage cans and drum cans. JFE Steel
Corporation is committed to developing and producing easy-to-use steel sheet
products that contribute to reducing environmental loads, saving energy, and
conserving resources.

 
Roles and Responsibilities
:

My responsibility as an Offshore Consultant for modules (General Ledger, Accounts
Payable, Accounts Receivable and Fixed Assets) of Oracle R13.
Working on the project by using OUM methodology.
Analyzing the current business process flow related to General Ledger, Accounts
Payables, Accounts Receivables and Fixed Assets.
Prepare other project Documents like MC-050, AN-050.
Prepared User Manuals & Implementation Guides for each Module.
Configured GL, AP, AR and FA setups in all Instances like Dev. and Test.
Involved in All stages of the project and KICK Off Meeting with Client.
Attending the Weekly Status Meeting with project team to update the status of the
assigned issues.

Resolved issues during UAT Stage and given to Users for testing.
Assigning and handling tickets as per the TAT.
Provided 
Training
 on Chart of Account Designing
Worked on Customized Sandbox as this is one of the functionality we can do the
Structure, Appearance and Page Composer.
Involved in Enterprise structure configuration and sub ledger application key setups.

2. Project Details
Mamco
Jan-21 to Mar-22
GL, AP, and AR

At Mamco, we design and manufacture high quality AC and DC electric motors for Original
Equipment Manufacturers (OEM's). We manufacture motors for a wide range of
commercial, industrial and consumer applications. Mamco specializes in motors used in
power transmission and fluid motion. We use a whole system approach to maximize value
for our customers. For generations, Mamco's core business of electric motors and systems
has grown to include universal motors, permanent magnet motors, part sets, assemblies
and related products

 
Roles and Responsibilities
: -

Data fixes provided by oracle before it is applied on instance. Preparing document for
current business process (RD030), mapping client requirement with oracle fusion cloud
system.
Preparing solutions blueprint for future business process (RD011).
Configuring Financial Applications using FSM (Functional Setups Manager).
Prepared Gap Document and Open issues document.
Documented Configuration setups as per requirements (MC050).
Prepared documents for UAT and Test scripts for AP and AR modules.
Prepared User 
training
 materials (SOP) with screenshots for each module.
Involved Post production support and resolved issues based on priority.
Verify and perform impact analysis on various

Done the Configuration for all financial offering in Test, Development and Production
Instance

1. Project Details
R12 Implementation And Support
CapitaLand Limited
Associate Consultant
Nov-19 to Dec-20

CapitaLand Limited is a Singapore based real estate company. Formed in November 2000
as a result of a merger of DBS Land and Pidemco Land, it is one of Asia's largest real
estate companies headquartered and listed in Singapore. The company leverages its
significant asset base, design and development capabilities, active capital management
strategies, and extensive market network and operational capabilities to develop high-
quality real estate products and services. Its two core markets are Singapore and China,
while Indonesia, Malaysia and Vietnam have been identified as new growth markets.

Involved in the implementation project using AIM methodology.
Prepared AIM Documents BP40 and BR100 Documents as per client requirement
Shared documents to the End users to participate for UAT and updating test results
Designed Functional specification documents for Custom objects (MD50).
Involved in user acceptance testing, preparation on test scripts (TE 040) and integration
testing.
Direct interactions with users and seeking information as required resolving the issues.
Prepared User Manuals for GL, AP and Assets and shared those to client as a 
Training

Document.
Working on ticketing system
Supporting Oracle User for their daily issues on Financials
Resolving customer issues through direct interaction, working with Oracle team through
SRs for critical issue resolutions and reporting to PM on daily basis.
Working with Oracle Support for resolving Critical and Transactional Issues