ANANTHAKUMAR. D
Mobile: +91 8056884395,Mail:ananthdamodaran@gmail.com

PROFILE

Proficient in Microsoft Dot.Net Technology, Enhancement  and development  in various Web based Enterprise Applications and Object oriented Applications with over 5+ year’s hands-on experience and solid skills on both small and medium scale application in software development projects  as well as participated in  Analysis, Design, Coding, Testing and implementation of full life cycle and real-time applications .
Building  web application with  MVC3.0,MVC4.0,ADO.Net, ASP.Net and SQL Server.
Developing applications leveraging ADO.NET, LINQ to SQL, XML and Entity Framework Microsoft Enterprises Library, Unity, NInject,Dependency Injection
Experience in configuring and managing SQL SERVER 2005,2008, IIS 7.0 & IIS 8.0.

EXPERIENCE	
	As Software Developer at Arudhrainnovations, kumbakonam,   from June 2017 to Till date.
As Software Engineer at MERIT Software Services, Chennai, India from AUGUST 2012 to March 2017.
As Software Engineer at ACME Software Technologies, Madurai India from MARCH 2011 to JULY 2012. 
Worked as a Documentation Executive in United shipping Services, Doha, Qatar from Aug2006  to  Sep2010.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Language Skills:
 C#, ASP.NET, AJAX, LINQ, JavaScript, Jquery, XML, AngularJS
Web Services,WCF,WebApi,ADO.Net Entity Framework
.NET Framework, 3.5, 4.0,4.5 , Entity Framework, LINQ to SQL, ADO.NET,Microsoft  Enterprise Library
T-SQL, SQL Stored Procedures
XHTML, DHTML, HTML, XML, CSS
Software and Development Tools
Microsoft Visual Studio.NET 2003 / 2005 / 2008 / 2010/2013
Team Foundation Server
Database Development Environments
Microsoft SQL Server 2000 / 2005/2008 / 2012
Microsoft Access-2007,2010
Platforms
Microsoft Windows 2000 / XP / 7.0
Microsoft Windows 2003 / 2008 / 2008 R2 Server Editions

Educational Qualification
M.Sc.,( Computer Science) - Studied at Khadir Mohideen College, Adhirampattinam (Aff. to Bharathidasan University, Tiruchirappalli) and Passed out during April 2001
B.Sc.,( Computer Science) - Studied at Khadir Mohideen College, Adhirampattinam (Aff. to Bharathidasan University, Tiruchirappalli) and Passed out during April 1998	

Projects Handled: #1

	Project		: Equity Plan Management.
Role			: Software Engineer 	(from Aug2015 – March 2017)
Client			: Global shares- UK-Cork.
Environment	: . Net Framework 4.5,Asp.Net MVC 4.0, C# & SQLSERVER 2008, Test-: driven and Agile development  methodologies, using IOC, dependency injection, Unity, Microsoft CRM Dynamic Tools,  
Equity Admin: 
The Equity plans Global Shares administer range from those with only a few senior executives in a single location to those with tens of thousands of participants in several countries and continents.
Administers can access the Equity admin tool and manage their Employee’s share by creating Security, Plan, Participant, Grants.
Equity Gateway:
The Global Shares Equity Gateway enables more effective management of a company's equity plans and the transactions that occur under those plans created by administers.
The Equity Gateway replaces the paper based processes, typically associated with equity incentive plans, with a customized web based system that transforms how the company's participants interact with their equity holdings.
It also brings real value and appreciation of a company's equity incentive plans to the participants allowing them the ability to access their equity plan information in a secure online environment.

Responsibility:
Involved in Coding and Debugging both Admin and Gateway systems.
Created dedicated Equity Gateway websites for the users.
Gathered artifacts from the Users by interacting regularly.
Projects Handled: #2

Project		: Hospital Management system
Role	: Software Engineer 	(from Aug2014 – July2015)	
Environment	: .Net Framework 4.0, Asp.Net MVC 3.0, C#, Linq & SQL Server :2008,  Ado.Net, CRYSTAL REPORT			
Description: A complete Hospital Management Software  Integrated with – Pharmacy – Lab – Prescription – Token Management System – Medical Insurance – Case sheet – Payroll. Implement in hundred bed hospitals. Features are Patient Registration – Inpatient (IP) – Outpatient (OP) billing. Configurable Lab Charges – Configurable IP Bed Charges Based on Hours range – Admission – Discharge – Bed change Workflows – Discharge summary – Billing Features – Detail or Selected bill entry. Efficient search facility allows to track the customer information. Scalable expenses module monitor the hospital daily expenses. Easily accessible via Web browser. Software installed on the server system and access over Intranet web based application. Secure and Scalable, Transition Oriented Database for fast and efficient storage.
Responsibility: 
Design, develop and implement new integration, Understand and evaluate complex data models.
Unit Testing.

Projects Handled: #3

Project		: EISC .NET
Role	: Software Engineer 	(from Aug2013 – July2014)
Client	: CAMS (Computer Aged Management Services), Registrars of :Mutual Funds  Investments in India		
Environment	: .Net Framework 4.0, Asp.Net, C#, Linq & SQL Server 2008,  Ado.net, CRYSTAL REPORT			
Description: eISC is electronic Investor Service Centre. Client, eISC is an extensive software application that processes the financial and the non-financial transactions of the investors of a Mutual Fund. It supports front end operation of mutual funds like scanning after receiving the application form from investors, entering transactions in to this system, etc. Different types of transaction involved as fresh purchase, additional purchase, redeem and switch transaction. Customer can redeem their units using redemption and can switch from one scheme to another scheme using Switch transactions. For special funds, investor details are fetched using web services. Also Purchase entry validation is done using the service from client. It also supports connectivity with Investor Service Centres at multiple locations facilitating the Transfer Agent’s Central office to process, on the same day, all the Investor transaction requests received at these Centres. It helps maintaining the Investor records and generating various reports. 
Responsibility: 
Development, Defect Fixing and Enhancement.
Unit Testing.

Projects Handled: #3

Project		: FDDS DC
Role			: Software programmer (from AUG2012 – July2013)
Client			: Ford Motors Ltd., 
Environment	: .Net Framework 4.0, HTML, XML,ASP.NET, C#, 	ADO.NET and  :  SQL SERVER 2005.
Description: The Ford Direct Dealer Sites (FDDS) program was created to help Ford dealers connect with current and potential customers through their Internet marketing channel. The system provides consumer-facing websites for all participating dealers, as well as a suite of setup and administration tools that assist dealers in developing and managing their virtual dealership. Ultimately, the system strives to drive potential customers to the dealership and deliver leads for vehicle sales, financing, part orders, and service appointments. FDDS is currently provided to all Ford, Lincoln, Mercury, Jaguar, and Land Rover dealers based in the United States, as well as Ford and Lincoln dealers based in Canada.
Responsibilities: 
Development, Defect Fixing and Enhancement.
Unit Testing.
Projects Handled: #4

	Project		:  L.I.T.S (Logistics Information Technology System)
	Role			:  Software Programmer (from Mar2011 – July2012)
	Client			:  State of Massachusetts, U.S.A.
Environment            :  .Net Framework 3.5, HTML, XML, ASP.NET, C#, SQL SERVER                                                             	                     :   2000, CRYSTAL REPORT
Description: This deals with Warehouse Management System called WMS. WMS handles all warehouse activities. This is the Web based multi user application. This is used for the warehouse manager for keep track of the products movements and stock availability. This handles reordering the products if the product goes below specified quantities. This is the data driven system easy to implement any warehouse.
Responsibilities:
Involved in Designing Menus.
Developed the Web Interface using ASP.Net, C#.NET and ADO.Net.
Created database procedures using T-SQL.
Personal Details:
Name		  :      ANANTHAKUMAR

Father Name	  :	DAMODARAN 
Date of Birth	   :	05th September 1976
Sex		   :	Male
Marital Status	   :	Married
Nationality	   :	Indian
Passport No	   :	M2088835
Date of Issue	   :	10th September 2014
Date of Expiry	   :	09th September 2024