Skills

Experience

EDWARDS Lifesciences
1/2/2019
CARDIAC SCIENCE LCAED SERVER Device management software
NBCUniversal Campus

Projects

ASP .NET
MVC
Web API
SQL Server
1/6/2018 - 1/1/2019
1/4/2017 - 1/6/2015
A technical writer who has gained some 
experience
 with companies often provides job 
training
 to newer writers.
And, technical writers work with many different groups of people while developing content.
A part of this 
training
 involves creating technical documents based on guidelines that the senior writers develop
according to ongoing technical documents' needs.
The guidelines themselves are an essential part of how technical writers work at their company. Depending on
the hierarchy, they may also lead the company to create better, more efficient guidelines for future technical
writers' work efforts.
Additionally, the content guidelines for any business need updating alongside changing business goals and
requirements.
Senior technical content strategists are the point people to better develop new guidelines to reflect new business
goals as central technical communicators.
If you're interested in learning more about the technical writing 
skills
, roles, and path to landing your dream
technical writing job, then check out our Technical Writing Certification Course.
TEST CONFIDENCE SCORE
TCSD@gmail.com
Phone: 1543334679

Education

Degree
College
Year
MCA
Madras University at Chennai
BCA
Sree Ragavendra Arts &
Science Collage Chidambaram
Writing for the more technology-oriented technical areas is like any other form of industry-based writing. The only difference is
the requirement for tech-savvy individuals in the writer's position.
The computer science and information technology sector places writers within the systems design and analysis field. These
writers are often closer to the system than most technical writers are to the subject they are writing on. This is because they
take a deep dive into the system to articulate its specifics clearly. Most technical writers may not need to engage scientific and
technical products so immediately.
CS/IT writers are prime examples of content developers who can transform extremely complex industry jargon into
understandable content for the masses.
An example is Microsoft's product description writers, who simplify their language to the point where people can still
understand the product without much software knowledge.
Technical writers in computers and IT have a technical skill requirement that includes:
Proven expertise with the systems
Thorough understanding of computer science concepts along with some 
experience
 in IT systems administration
Knowledge of the corporate IT sector and how modern companies leverage technology
An ability to prepare technical material for both students and administrators
Some 
experience
 in writing on CS/IT subjects either during the educational process or subsequent internships
Writing in computer science requires someone who has either worked directly as part of an IT department or has taken an
eLearning course on how to write for the industry.