VENKATESWARA REDDY.ADENA

Email: adena.venkateswarareddy@gmail.com 
Mobile: +91 9515465292


OBJECTIVE

Obtain a responsible and challenging position that will allow me to learn new technologies and skills while utilizing my previous experiences to improve beyond my abilities currently, and prove me to be an asset to the organization and team.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 

3.5 years of experience in Microsoft .NET Technology includes understanding .NET Architecture and developing .NET applications.
Good Experience with Object Oriented concepts, experience working in divergent technologies including C#.NET, ASP.NET, ADO.NET,SQL,ASP.NET MVC, ASP.NET MVP, Xamarin, Entity Framework, Linq To SQL
Experience in .NET Framework and SQL Server 2008.
Good working knowledge in ASP.NET MVC,MVP.
Good working knowledge on JavaScript, Jquery, Angular JS.
Good working knowledge on Developing Mobile Application using Xamarin frame work.
Highly motivated individual with strong team building & time management skills.

Technical SKILLS

Programming Languages	            : C#.Net.
Design Patterns 		                        : MVC,MVP.
Web Technologies	                        : ASP. NET.
Tools          			            : Visual Studio.NET.
Mark up Languages        	            : XML, HTML, and CSS.
Database / RDBMS	                        : Microsoft SQL Server.
Frame Works		                        : MS.Net, Xamarin Frame Work.
Script Languages		            : JavaScript, JQuery.
Structural Framework                            : Angular JS.
Operating Systems		            : Windows XP/7,10
ORM Frameworks		            : Entity Framework
Distribution Technologies.                    : Web Services.
	
EDUCATION

I completed Bsc(computer Science) in Sri Vaishnavi  Degree College,Kadapa
I completed  Intermediate in  SBRS Jr College ,Madhavaram
I completed  SSC in  Z.P.High School, Vontimitta.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

Working as a Software Developer with Transqube technologies pvt ltd 
(Jun 19th 2014 – Till Date)

ACHIVEMENTS

Became key member while implement project architecture.
Product  # 3 :
Call Now Mobile App

CallNow provides service to Business entities to list their Business into their website where user will search and obtain details from the website wherein Business entity can grow their business by getting leads. User can search for any kind of service throughout the locations available in the website and obtain details regarding the same. There is listing websites with less user-friendly platforms, so company requires am innovative and a user-friendly platform for website.
.
Role 		     : Software Developer
Team Size	     : 1
Responsibilities:
I have been involved in the process of developing, enhancing the Mobile application.
Used  Xamarin frame Work, SDK, JDK, Xaml .
Used MVP architecture for presentation layer, the business and data access layers and were coded using C#.
Used Xaml,  Xml,CSS For Design Application.


Tools and Technology: 	
.NET Framework 4.5, Visual Studio 2017, Xamarin Frame Work,SDK,JDK.

Project # 2 :
Call Now
CallNow provides service to Business entities to list their Business into their website where user will search and obtain details from the website wherein Business entity can grow their business by getting leads. User can search for any kind of service throughout the locations available in the website and obtain details regarding the same. There is listing websites with less user-friendly platforms, so company requires am innovative and a user-friendly platform for website.

Role 		     : Software Developer
Team Size	     : 6
Responsibilities:
As a key team member, I have been involved in the process of developing, enhancing the application.
Used ASP.NET MVC architecture for Model,View,Controller and were coded using C#.
Used Entity Framework with repository pattern and Linq for querying data
Working closely with team to resolve issues and improve usability.
Fixing bugs reported by QA and working on enhancements and change requests.

Tools and Technology: 	
.NET Framework, Visual Studio, C#,SQL SERVER 2008, Entity Framework, Linq, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX and ASP.NET MVC.

Product  # 1 :
Clinion™– Clinical Trail Solutions                                                                                 

Clinion is Clinical Trials software using an Electronic Data Capture (EDC) system designed to reduce the cycle time of clinical trials. It enables pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device manufacturers to get their products to market faster by providing a fast and easy study set-up, data capture and reporting.

Role 		     : Software Developer
Team Size	     : 6


Responsibilities:
As a key team member, I have been involved in the process of developing, enhancing the application.
Used MVP architecture for presentation layer, the business and data access layers and were coded using C#.
Used Entity Framework with repository pattern and Linq for querying data.
Working closely with team to resolve issues and improve usability.
Fixing bugs reported by QA and working on enhancements and change requests


Personal Profile 

 Name	:	Venkateswara reddy A
Father’s Name	:	Sreenuvasula reddy A
Date of Birth	:	28th Jan, 1992
Marital Status	:	Un-Married
Languages Known	:	English and Telugu
Mail ID	:	adena.venkateswarareddy@gmail.com
Phone Number	:	+91-9515465292
State	: 	Telangana
Country	:	India

Declaration 

I declare that the above particulars are true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge.




Place:                                                                          		( Venkateswara Reddy Adena)
Date: