Resume
Email-id: mugundan.msd07@gmail.com
Name : MUGUNDAN.M
Phone : 91-8610305109

Objective
:
Energetic Software Developer seeking a challenging position to utilize my extensive 
experience
 in Designing,
Implementing, and Integrating software applications, and to further enhance problem-solving 
skills
 to
achieve career growth.

Skills
 and 
Experience
 
Summary

*
Having 1.4 years of 
experience
 in the Information Technology industry with strong analytical, technical,
and problem-solving 
skills
.
Developed PL/SQL programs with Packages, Procedures, Functions, Triggers, Collections, Bulk Collect,
FORALL, ref Cursors, Dynamic SQL.
I have 
experience
 in Database objects, Indexes, and Table Partitions, Global Temporary tables, External
tables, Materialized view, and Performance Tuning.
Involved in Requirements Gathering, Design, Development, Implementation, Acceptance Testing and Bug
fixing for end-to-end IT solution offerings across various development, maintenance.
Knowledge in Client-Server application development using Oracle 11g/12c, PL/SQL, SQL*PLUS
Knowledge in Loaded Data into Oracle Tables using SQL*Loader.
Proficient in creation, modification, and effective use of database objects like Tables, Constraints, and
Indexes.

Experience
 in Agile /scrum development methodology.
Analyze the functional and technical specifications and convert to PL/SQL programs and modify existing
PL/SQL packages. Knowledge of advanced PL/SQL concepts.
Worked extensively on cursors and ref cursor Exception handling.
Ability to work on complex technical assignments and ensure timely deliveries.
Good Knowledge using PRAGMA AUTONOMOUS_TRANSACTION
Knowledge in handling errors using Exceptions.

Technical 
skills

* Experienced in Oracle PL/SQL development.
* I have good knowledge of Unix.

Experience
 Summery
* Working as a Software Engineer in SRG Systems Pvt Ltd, Bangalore from 2022 Aug to Till Date.

Education

* B.E (Electrical Engineering With 8.1 CGPA) from S.K.R Engineering College (June 2018 - May 2022).

Operating Systems
UNIX, Windows

Languages
/DB
Oracle SQL, PL/SQL, Oracle 11g, 12c, 19c

Project Details

Project-1
Merchant Manager
Customer
Period
Aug 2022 to Till Date
Position
Software Engineer
Responsibilities
Developed PL/SQL programs with packages, procedures, functions, Ref cursor,
Bulk collect, Views, Global temporary tables, Dynamic SQL, Index, Sequence,
Triggers.
Written SQL queries to get customer expected results.
Written back-end procedures and packages to fulfill project requirement.
Debugging procedures and packages to resolve issues as part of supporting
Project.
I have prepared Releasing documents when releasing build for project
enhancement.
Written SRS (System requirement specification) and TRS (Technical
requirement specification) documents for customization of Project
Interacted with Client to project requirement.
Created some user defined functions.
Used debugger to test the data flow and fix the mapping. Involved in full
development cycle of Planning, Analysis, Design, Development, Testing,
and Implementation. Analyze and Troubleshoot performance issues in the
Reporting Application and underlying SQLs.
Gather, document, and convert functional reporting requirements into
technical solutions. Develop thorough understanding of data models,
underlying data, and business uses to ensure reports meet client needs.
Used debugger to test the data flow and fix the mapping.
Solution
Environment
Oracle 12c, PL/SQL, SQL, Putty

Declaration:
I hereby declare that the above furnished information is true to the best of my belief.
Date:
Signature