ARTHY R
HR Recruiter / Admin Assistant
E-mail : arthyr237@gmail.com Phone:9629770380

OBJECTIVE

Junior Human Resources Generalist , adapt in multitasking, employee relations, research, compliance, interfacing with management to act as a liaison between management and staff, and proven record for process improvements and redesign. Point of 
contact
 for human resources department. Possess exceptional communication, problem - solving and self-motivational 
skills
. To obtain a challenging Human Resources position that will enhance my current 
skills
 and abilities in recruitment and placement, broaden my classification 
skills
 and offer the opportunity for growth in human resources background and a professional office environment.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Relationship building, Conflict management, Microsoft Office, Employee Relations, Recruiting, 
Training
, Reporting, Staff Coordination, Office Management, Human Resource Management, Administration, Payroll/Time Attendance, Employee Benefits, Implementation, Customer Service, Time management, Research 
skills
 ,Phone Etiquette, Communication, Problem solving.
WORK 
EXPERIENCE

HR Generalist / Admin Assistant
Theivanai Ammal College for Women (Autonomous) : January 2021 - June 2022
Scheduled interviews, checked 
references
, processed background checks.
Supported the maintenance of employee records , filing select paperwork and serving as backup support for routine filing.
Generated 
employment
 paperwork including all hiring, change and exit documentation.
Prepared job specifications for advertisements of vacancies in the company.
Corresponded to prospective candidates by screening , interviewing, notifying existing staff of internal opportunities, maintained personal records.
Provided staffing program support duties which include assisting HR specialists with administrative tasks such as making job offers, preparing offer letters, scheduling appointments for suitability checks, etc.
Provided clerical/administrative support for the human resource function throughout the organization.
Provided assistance in planning leadership 
training
 and other special 
projects
 as assigned by director.
Scheduled and coordinated interviews as needed.
Provided assistance during orientation and onboarding procedures of new staff outside.
Handled Telephonic interviews and day-to-day calls and report to the management. Processed bills for the accounting purposes.
Processed and reviewed 
employment
 application to evaluate the qualifications or eligibility of the applicant.
Engaged in Admission process which includes Application processing, Fees collection, Data entries in Mastersoft ERP software etc.
Worked with E-Time track Software and Mastersoft ERP software for attendance processing.
Maintained records of Staff and Administrative Heads daily attendance.
Grade X - English Teacher
Buelah Matric.Hr.Secondary School : March 2020 - December 2020
Handled Grammar and spoken English sessions.
Conducted assesments and evaluated accordingly.
Conducted Verbal and Non-Verbal seminars.
Provieded variety of learning materials and resources for use in both online and offline mode.
Maintained all school records respective to Grade X.
Handled classes from I Std to X std through online mode and conducted assessments for English subject.
Social Science Teacher
AKT Group of Institutions : October 2018 - February 2020
Planned , prepared and delivered instructional activities that facilitate active learning experiences of work and lesson plans.
Established accurate objectives for all lessons.
Provided a variety of learning materials and resources for use in educational activities.
Instructed and monitored students in the use of learning materials and equipment.
Assigned and graded classwork, homework, tests and assignments.
Maintained accurate and complete records of students progress.
Maintained discipline in accordance with the rules and disciplinary systems of the school.
Identify the individual needs of students and work with them to reach their full potential.
Conduct parent teacher conferences.
Attended professional development seminars to improve teaching methods.

EDUCATION

MBA in General Administration - University College of Engineering, Villupuram. 2019 - 2021(Part - time)
B.E in Electrical and Electronics Engineering - Sri Sairam Engineering College, Chennai. 2013 - 2017 (Full time)

PROJECTS

MBA Project - Stress Management in Educational Institutions.

CERTIFICATIONS

2018 - AUTOMATION CONSORTIUM INC.
Certified Automation Professional

INTERESTS

Volunteer work
Art
Travel
Public speaking
Dance
Music