RESUME

Name: D. Infanta Glory
Email id: infantaglory@gmail.com
Mobile no: 9677107283

Career 
Objective

To work in a challenging environment while adapting to new
technologies and effectively contribute to the growth of the organization with
my knowledge and skill.

Technical 
Skills

Manual Testing:
* Excellent in generating Scenarios/Test Cases.
* Good knowledge about SDLC/STLC.
* Good knowledge about V-model and waterfall model.
* Involved in sanity testing in every build.
* Involved in smoke testing in every test cycle.
* Involved in re-testing and Regression testing.
* Test cases execution and analyse results.
* Good knowledge about Agile methodologies.
* Good knowledge on Test plan and Test case Design Techniques.
* Good knowledge about user Functional testing, Acceptance
Testing, Unit Testing, System Testing, Integration Testing.
* Good knowledge about Non functional Testing and User
Acceptance Testing.

Agile Methodologies:
* Worked on agile methodology.
* Involved in sprint planning.
* Involved in scrum meeting.
* Involved in sprint retrospective meeting.

SELENIUM(AUTOMATION):
* Expertise in selenium Web driver
* Have work on identifying Dynamic Elements using X path.
* Handling Web Elements.
* Knowledge about chrome Browser and Mozilla Firefox.
* Extensively involved in creating Test Scripts and Automated Test Cases.
* Good Knowledge about AUTOIT.

JAVA:
* Good Knowledge about OOPS.
* Good Knowledge about Abstraction.
* Good Knowledge about Encapsulation.
* Good Knowledge about Polymorphism.
* Good Knowledge about Constructors and Arrays.

TOOLS & 
SKILLS
:
* Manual Testing Methodology
* Test case template
* Agile Methodology
* Jira
* Maven
* Framework
* Jenkins
* Eclipse IDE.
* TestNG
* Selenium Web Driver
* Github

* SQL
* Core Java

Academic
 Credentials
*
Completed Bachelor Degree in Electronics and communication
Engineering from Sri Venkateshwara Institute of Science and
Technology, Thiruvallur with 70.4% in the year of May 2016.
Completed Higher Secondary 
Education
 from St. Helen's Girls
Higher Secondary School, St. Thomas Mount with 81.6% in the
year of Apirl 2012.
Completed Secondary School 
Education
 from St. Helen's Girls
Higher Secondary School, St. Thomas Mount with 83.8% in the
year of April 2010.

Certification:
Completed Manual Testing and Automation Testing course from
Qspiders Software Testing Institute.

Professional 
Summary

2.7 years of 
Experience
 in Software Testing in IT sector. [Manual
Testing and Automation Testing]
MAKO IT LAB - Role of Quality Analyst from Jan 2017 to May 2019
Currently work in Monospear Technologies Pvt. Ltd in the Role of Senior
Quality Analyst from Jan 2022

Project Details:
Project - 1
Project Name: ca.co.in
 Description:
This project is developed as the next generation development
platform for online banking. It is more of a technology migration rather than
functional charges. Along with technology migration there are few functional
benefits that will be brought to the countries online banking systems i.e. To
standardize online banking functionalities & look and feel across countries (to the

extent possible) so the performance of online banking platform will be improved.
Which might provide better customers 
experience
 as

well. To increase the number of customers signing up for online banking through
the online channel, thus reducing the amount of paperwork in the branch and to
improve user 
experience
 and strengthen the overall connection with the bank's
online service leading to repeated use and stickiness

Role and Responsibilities: As a Software Testing Engineer, I was Involved
in the following activities:
Preparing and documenting the test conditions and test cases.
Performed Manual Testing and created test cases including
Functional Test cases, Integration Test Cases and System Test
Cases.
Performed testing for the application and reported the defects
using QC tool.
Responsible for Sanity, Re-testing and Regression testing.
Validating changes made in DB (Backend) with Front
End Web Application
Testing the application in real-time and working with Agile Methods
Performed testing for the application and reported the defects using
JIRA Tool
Coordinating with the developers and QA to get the deliverable on track.

Project - 2:
Project Name: cd.co.in
The project purpose is testing the banking Application by using functional
testing methods and report the issues in development

It is a web application which provides registered users to have more

secured banking possibilities and highly secured for transfer of funds from bank to
within and other banks. Here major catch of application is user can operate moving
to bank. The

user gets notifications and alerts of transfer of funds to registered mobile and mail
address. In project we have provided multiple user options to use the account in
protected control manner which is done by the primary card/ account holder.

Roles and responsibilities
: As a Software Testing Engineer, I was involved
in the following activities
Functional, system and compatibility.

Personal 
Profile

 Gender
 -
Female
Husband's Name
- C. Prakash
Nationality
Indian

I hereby declare that all the above details given by me are correct
and true according to my knowledge and belief.

Place: Chennai
Yours Sincerely,
Date: