VIGNESH M
Email ID : vignesh5891@gmail.com Mobile : +91-9551055299

SUMMARY

Over 3.4 Years of professional 
experience
 in all stages of the SDLCvarious client-server and web-based using Microsoft Technologies
Development of web using C# MVC5/MVC4 in Microsoft Visual Studio IDE.

Experience
 in using Entity Framework and Rest Web Services
Extensive 
experience
 in development of applications using Linq.
Development of web using Microsoft Azure Service (Azure Queue, Azure Tables, Azure Storage, Azure Web Hosting).
Implemented Dependency Injection Designing pattern.
Having Knowledge in AngularJS v1.62.

Experience
 with Web API and WCF Services.
Good knowledge of Object Oriented Programming.

Experience
 in design and development of applications using .NET and Web technologies like Bootstrap, HTML, CSS, JQUERY
Implemented Domain-Driven design and integrated the UI with Data base for data retrieval and manipulation using Entity Framework.
Strong Knowledge in Stored Procedure, Views and complex query in SQL Server 2008
Excellent in Code Review and Code debugging 
skills

Excellent in verbal, written and interpersonal communication and collaboration 
skills

Ability to learn & develop using new technologies
TECHNICAL 
SKILLS

Programming 
Languages
: C# and LINQ
Database : SQL Server 2008
Internet Technology: Microsoft Azure, Bootstrap, HTML, CSS, XML, JavaScriptand JQUERY
.NET Framework: 4.5.1
Design Architecture : MVC
Web Server : IIS 7.0
Domain Knowledge: HRMS, CRM
IDE: Visual studio 2015
EXPEREINCE
Presently associated with Botcode Technologies as Dotnet Developer from November'2016 to till date
Worked as Software Engineer at Feature Software Solutions pvt Ltd, Chennai from Aug'2014 to Oct'2016.
PROJECT 
SUMMARY

Project Name: Wechatify
Environment: Visual Studio 2015, C#, MVC, SQL Server 2008, Net Framework 4.6.
Description: Wechatify is web based application for user to handle Official Wechat admin feature. It allows the user to create separate admin account using official wechat account. Create logins for each user and can assign certain modules to the user. It allows to create group and assign the wechat user to the group Allow the user to customizing the broadcast message, translate the message and approve to publish in official wechat account. Handled the wechat API to publish the broadcast, menu to wechat user and sandbox accounts.
Responsibilities:
Involved in overall product development and R&D works in API's.
Managed database side for entire project,including table structure for entire project. Handled large data in SQL and good query knowledge for performance tuning over writing stored procedure.
Project Name: CRM (Customer Relation Management)
Environment: Visual Studio 2010, C#, ASP.NET, SQL Server 2008, Net Framework 3.5
Description: Project is based on modules such as customer management,Product management, Quotation management, sales management, order management, user management, enquiry management. Performs other related duties as assigned or requested.
Involved in Requirement gathering, analysis, designing, coding and deployment
Implemented various user controls used extensively in various parts of the application
Used Generics, Lambda Expressions, Extension Methods, LINQ to SQL, LINQ to Objects
Participated Client Status and Clarification calls

ACADEMIC
 VALUES
MCA from Saranathan College Engineering , Trichy with 70.8%, 2014
BCA from Bishop Heber College, Trichy with 70%, 2011.
HSC from Sacred Heart Higher Secondary School, Trichy with 70.83%, 2007.
SSLC from Sacred Heart Higher Secondary School, Trichy with 77.8%, 2005.
PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth: 05th Jul 1991.
Gender : Male
Marital Status: Single
Address: No 42/E, Sellai Colony Street, Subramaniapuram-620020
Language known: Tamil, English
DATE :(Vignesh M)