YOKESHWARAN A

*Phone No: 8526538410*
*Email Id : Yokeshparthiban@gmail.com*

PROFESSIONAL 
SUMMARY

Having 5.3 years of 
experience
 in TCS in which 2.2 years of 
experience
 in Software Testing.
and at CitiusTech, worked as a Quality Assurance Engineer for 1.2 years.
Expertise in working with Selenium Web Driver using Cucumber framework.

Experience
 on Working with Cucumber for Automation testing Reports.
Hands on 
Experience
 in other frameworks like TestNG, Junit, and Data Driven Framework.

Experience
 on developing a framework using a design pattern - Page Object Model.
Expertise in working with Bit Bucket as my Source Management Tool.
Have a good knowledge and hands on 
Experience
 in handling of Defect Management Tool JIRA.

Experience
 in writing Xpath expressions to identify web elements.
Expert in working in Methodology like Agile, Agile - Scrum Model.

Experience
 in logging defects using JIRA, performed defect tracking and reporting.
Good Knowledge in Core Java concepts Collection, Strings and Exception Handling.
Have 
experience
 on working E-Commerce, Air Line and Healthcare Domain.
Quick learner with the ability to grasp and learn new technologies.

Experience
 in preparing and executing test cases for Client Requirements and Web Application.

Experience
 in Web Based Applications Testing.

WORK 
EXPERIENCE

➢ Having 5.3 years of 
experience
 in TA CONSULTANCY SERVICES as Senior Process Associate and
Automation Test Engineer.

➢ Having 1.2 years of 
experience
 in CitiusTech Healthcare Technology Private Limited as Quality Assurance
Engineer.

PROJECTS

PROJECT 1:
Client
: Athena Health
Domain
: Healthcare
Tools
: Selenium, TestNG.

Description:

Athena Health creates innovative healthcare technology that connects clinicians, patients, payers, and partners
in differentiated ways. Athena Health is a leading provider of network-enabled software and services for
medical groups and health systems.

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
:

➢ Analysing the Business Requirements and Functional Requirements and identifying various test scenarios
to be tested.

➢ Involved in writing automation script by using Selenium WebDriver with TestNg (TDD).

➢ Prepare the Test scenarios, Test cases, and Test data.

➢ Self-review and Peer-review the test cases

➢ Executing the Functional, Non-functional Test cases

➢ Logging the defects in JIRA and track the defects until it gets fixed

➢ Retest the failed test cases and Regression Testing

➢ Preparing the Test execution reports for the pass and failed test cases

➢ Send daily reports to the Manager

➢ Understanding how Web application works and its tier architectures

➢ Involved in preparing the Daily status report and Weekly status report and sharing it with the client and
with the management.

PROJECT 2:
: FatFace
: E-Commerce
: Selenium, BDD Cucumber

Fat Face is a British lifestyle clothing and accessories retailer, this company offers all clothing, accessories,
shoes, beauty products.

➢ Analysing the user stories, prepare the test scenario based on acceptance criteria.

➢ Involved in writing automation script by using Selenium WebDriver with Cucumber.

➢ Developing BDD tests using Cucumber by writing feature file and Step definition.

➢ Implemented Page Object Model automation frameworks using Selenium

➢ Involved in testing the application utilizing the Scrum (Agile) methodology.

➢ Regression Script execution and analyse the results.

➢ Setup the Automation framework using Selenium to run test cases in multiple browsers and platforms.

➢ Raise and track defect until closure. Re-test the resolved defects.

➢ Debug and fix the script issues.

➢ Participated in the all-Agile ceremonies - planning daily scrum calls, spring review and sprint retrospective.

➢ Used Git as code repository to manage code reviews.

➢ Involved in the Continuous Integration of the automation framework with Jenkins

PROJECT 3:
: Aer Lingus
: Airline
: Selenium, TestNg

Aer Lingus is an international airline. We can book a flight ticket, and this airline operates in Ireland.

PROJECT 4:

: Citibank
: Banking
: Sanctions Screening Applications

Citibank offers multiple banking services that help you find the right credit cards, open a bank account for
checking, & savings, or apply for mortgage

➢ Handled daily financial authorization and sanctions report and Name and Address reports for screening as
per GCG UK Sanctions Screening policy.
➢ Having a knowledge in Citidirect Screening applications.

➢ Having knowledge in NESS (Name and Entity Sanctions Screening).

➢ Prepared RCSA grid and get approval from clients and RCSA Testers.

➢ Prepare report for the teams' production and also update the MIS on daily basis.

➢ Ensure escalations are reviewed and control point has been discussed with team lead.

EDUCATION

Graduated B.Sc in 2017 at Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda College, Chennai.

DECLARATION

I hereby that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Date:
Signature
Place: Chennai
(Yokesh A)