ARAVINDHAN S
SENIOR TEST ENGINEER
Looking for an opportunity where I can focus on a challenging
career in an organization which gives me a scope to update
knowledge in every step. I must prove myself as a good team
member and perform my duties with best abilities to deal with
as many 
projects
 try my level best to get success.
P R O F I L E
P R O F E S I O N A L S U M A R Y
Working as a Senior Test
Engineer in HCL Technologies
from Aug 2018 to present.
Core Java
Selenium WebDriver
BDD Cucumber
TestNG
POM
JUNIT
Data Driven
GIT
Maven
JIRA
Jenkins
API
(Postman & Rest Assured)
+91 - 8838568429
aravindhan9928@gmail.com
 Chennai
C O N T A C T
E D U C A T I O N
KSR College of Engineering
Bachelor of Mechanical
Engineering
2013 - 2017
E X P E R I E N C ES K I L S
Having 5.5 years of IT 
experience
 in Manual, Automation
and API Testing.
Strong 
Experience
 in Automating Web Application Testing
using Selenium WebDriver.
Expertise in Executing Selenium Test Cases and Reporting
defects for regression automation suite.
Having good knowledge in JDBC Connection by writing
SQL query to get the data from database. Good 
experience

in following Page object Model designing approach and
Page factory along with all its annotations, also followed
singleton design pattern approach for page classes using
page object manager which will be created in Test classes.
Strong understanding of the SDLC and Agile-Scrum
software development life cycles.
Having good 
experience
 in Junit Framework and its
annotations, Assertions.
Strong 
experience
 in annotations of TestNG, groupings,
data-providers, parameterization, assertions and executing
test cases using parallel browser and also re-execute the
failed test cases and Data provider concepts.
Strong 
Experience
 in BDD Cucumber framework in
Feature file, Step definition, Data tables and with
cucumber tags and Hooks.
Extensive 
Experience
 in Agile Methodologies and Scrum
Processes, participating in Sprint meetings.
Proficient in using basic SQL queries to perform back end
testing for data integrity.
Smart professional with proven troubleshooting and
debugging capabilities for resolving complex technical
issues.
Good 
experience
 in API testing performing GET, POST,
PUT and DELETE functionalities in Postman and executed
with Run Collection and having good knowledge in API
Rest assured.

CURRENT PROJECT: Diy.com
Domain: E-Commerce
Description:
Since 1969, B&Q have been helping customers in the UK create better homes and gardens. Find out
more about B&Q, our parent company and why we are the largest home improvement and garden centre
retailer in Europe. UK's leading home improvement and garden living retailer, every year we help more than
20 million people to improve their homes and make life better.

Roles and Responsibilities
 :
Design, develop, and maintain complex and scalable automated test scripts. Architect and enhance
automation frameworks to support advanced testing scenarios.
Mentor and guide junior automation testers, conducting knowledge sharing sessions.
Analyze test coverage and recommend improvements to test suites. Participate in code and design
reviews to ensure high-quality automation code. Execute automated tests and provide detailed analysis
of test results.
The automation testing was developed using Cucumber framework, POJO Class, POM, Data Driven.
Prepare reusable methods to improve productivity and maintainability.
Updating daily status on calls & Involved in Scrum ceremonies.
Good 
Experience
 in Resolving conflicts and Involved in Push, Pull, Merge the source code from GIT.
Followed Agile/Scrum Methodologies for all of the project activities. Execution of API testing using
POSTMAN.
Performed the testing using GET, POST, PUT and DELETE functionalities in Postman and executed with
Run Collection
Identify areas where automation can enhance efficiency and effectiveness. Attend 
training
 to enhance
automation 
skills
.
PREVIOUS PROJECT: Lakeland Bank
Domain: Banking
Lakeland Bank is the wholly-owned subsidiary of Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:LBAI), which has
over $10 billion in total assets. With an extensive branch network and commercial lending centers
throughout New Jersey and Highland Mills, N.Y., the Bank continues to build on its infrastructure of
financial strength, profitability, efficiency and quality service as it moves into the future.
Involved in Test Plan, design and deriving test data and creating and reviewing peers testcases and
Executed the test cases.
After test case execution, Bugs are raised in JIRA.
Preparing Defect Report and assigning the defects to developer to fix the defect.
Retesting the cases where defect has been raised and update the status.
Used Maven to build and run the Selenium automation framework using TestNG.
Involved in testing the application utilizing the Scrum (Agile)methodology.
Participated in the all-Agile ceremonies - Sprint planning, daily Scrum meeting, Sprint review and Sprint
retrospective and Defects reporting and daily status report.
Interaction with clients like giving demo and Prepare weekly status reports.
Raise and track defects until closure and Re-test resolved defects.
Declaration :
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.
Place: Chennai
Date: (ARAVINDHAN S )