1
Karthik A.
Software Engineer
E-Mail: karthimother@gmail.com
*
Having 4 Years of work 
experience
 in Full Stack Developer, Design, Development,
Unit Testing and Implementation of web-based applications.

Experience
 in Angular 5+7,9,14, ASP.NET, .Net Core (2.0), C#, SQL Server, MySQL,
Web Services, JavaScript, JQuery, Typescript, Ionic Framework and .Net Technologies.
Excellent understanding on Database concepts and DB design to provide faster and reliable
software. Creating Tables, Writing complex queries, Store Procedure, Trigger, Views
and Functions.
Good knowledge in UI technologies like (HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, JQuery
and Angular with Angular Material design).
Knowledge in various control systems like TFS, Azure DevOps and GIT.
Good understanding of Agile and Waterfall development methodologies and best practices
around development.
Ability to learn quickly and apply new 
skills
 to existing problems
Strong domain Knowledge and expertise on 
Education
 Management System
Highly motivated, dependable troubleshooter and problem-solver.
Passion to learn new technologies, and deliver with quality and ensure the customer is
satisfied with the deliverables.

Primary 
Skills

Angular5+,.Net Core,.Net Framework (C#,ASP.Net), Web Services,
Entity Framework, JQuery ,JavaScript, Typescript and Ionic Framework
Database
SQL Server2018/ 2015/2012/2008 and MySQL
Version Control
Azure DevOps,TFS and Git
IDE
Visual Studio 2015, 2017, 2019,2022 and Visual Studio Code
Reporting Tools
RDLC
Web Server Technologies
IIS with ASP.Net and Angular 5+
Designing Tools
Photoshop CS3
Architecture Pattern
Three Tier Architecture
Operating System
Microsoft Windows Family and IOS
Process Model
Agile and Waterfall Model

Academic
 Details

MCA - from Sacred Heart College(Autonomous) Thiruvallur University 2019 with 77.39 %
BCA - from Tirupattur Arts and Science College Thiruvallur University 2016 with 79.00%
HSC - Government Higher Secondary School, Perambattu 2012 - 67.00 %
SSLC - Government Higher Secondary School, Perambattu 2010 - 70.00 %

Page 2 of 4
Organization
Location
Designation
Duration
Bosco Soft Technologies
Yelagiri, Vellore
Software
Engineer
September 2019 to September
2021
Sophista Software
Solutions Pvt Ltd.
Chennai, Anna Nagar,
TamilNadu
September 2021 to till now

1. USA - (Hospital & Pharmacy)

Project title
USA - (Hospital & Pharmacy)
Sep 2021 - Still Now
Technologies
Angular 5+, Typescript, .Net Core, ASP.NET, SQL, Ajax, JavaScript
,JQuery and Web API
Role

Role and Responsibilities

Working as Full Stack Developer in Angular5+, C#, Asp.Net Core and SQL.
Developing the single page application based on the design and functionality requirement with in
the deadline.
Implement the different pages by using different libraries and components based on requirements.
Manipulate the dynamic date and configuration between Front End and Database configuration
tables (SQL).
Good Knowledge of Create the Table, View, Store Procedure, Triggers and Functions in SQL.
Client feedback should be delivery on time.
Maintain code for TFS and Azure devops.(Check in & Check Out).

2. HiGrade (College Automation)

HiGrade
Sep 2019 - Sep 2021
ASP.NET 2015, MSSQL 5.6, WCF, Ajax, JavaScript ,JQuery

Description

This is a web based upgraded version of college automation system (Desktop version) to manage functions of
a college of different departments. This maintains the college activities and provides profiles as output. HGR
system is having different modules like Student, Staff, Student Attendance, Staff Attendance, Academics, CIA,
NME, Fee.

Page 3 of 4

Develop high-level product specifications with attention to system integration and feasibility and
define all aspects of development from appropriate technology and workflow to coding standards.
Analyze, design and develop web applications and components to support business
requirement utilizing Asp.Net. Used various client side data validation JavaScript, JQuery
and Json.
Responsible for client side support. Responsible for all browser compatibility issues.
Client Feedback changes on Application Development Stage (Enhancement).
Deployment - To Update Web API and Web IT Site, UAT Site for Development Testing.

3. Smart School Plus

Smart School Plus
Sep 2019 - Sep-2021
Technology
ASP.NET 2015, MSSQL 5.6, WCF, Ajax, JavaScript and Jquery

This is a web-based solution to efficiently integrate, manage and speedup various functions of a school with
increased productivity, reduced cost and time. This unique regional and customizable application helps in
managing student and staff information; scheduling and managing timetable focusing on time and resource
utilization; maintaining examinations schedule; fixing invigilators, generating Progress Report and tracking
student's performance; maintaining automated payroll, library, hostel, accounts, transport management and fee
collection.

Creating requirement specification, Technical Document, Design Document and Implement
business Solution.
Involved in data base migration, data import and data export using SQL Server
Integration Services (SSIS). And Report generate to RDLC.

Page 4 of 4

Name

Mr. Karthik A
Father Name
Mr. Arumugam R
DOB

05/07/1995
Gender
Male

Languages
 Known
English and Tamil (To Write, To Speak and To Read)
PAN
IPOPK5447A
Address
33(1),Kottavur(Village),
Perambattu (post),
Thirupathur (District) - 635652

I hereby declare that all the above statements are true, complete and correct to the best of my
knowledge and belief.
Yours truly,
[KARTHIK A]