Ezhilmaran
Phone: +919551409309
Email: ezhilmaraa.s@gmail.com
Chennai, Tamil Nadu - India

Summary
:
Having Overall 13+ years of 
Experience
 in Microsoft Technologies with specific expertise using C# ASP.NET with MVC, Azure Dev-Ops, SQL Server, and Oracle.
Highly motivated and hard-working software engineer with excellent problem-solving capability and effective communication 
skills

Good team spirit and willing to learn new 
skills
 and interpersonal 
skills

Performed as a team member/lead of both Product and Project development.
Data base design 
experience
 in SQL-Server and Oracle.
Code Review, Performance tuning and Data base back-up
Exposure in Object oriented analysis, Design, and development.
Handled Implementation and Demonstration of Products in Client Places.
Professional 
Experience
:
Working as a Senior Software Engineer in SSG, Chennai from Feb 2019 to till Date.
Worked as a Senior Software Engineer in TVS Next, Chennai from Oct 2014 to Feb 2019.
Worked as a Software Engineer in JRD Systems, Chennai from Dec 2011 to Oct 2014.
Worked as a Software Engineer in NLogix Solutions, Chennai from Sep 2010 to Oct 2011.

Academic
 chronicle:
M.C.A from SRM University in Chennai, June 2007.
B.Sc. (Computer Science) from S.V.M Arts & Science College at Uthangarai, June 2004.

Roles and Responsibilities
:
Full Stack Developer, Design, Coding and Data Base operations.
Collaborate with other programmers to design and implement features.
Plan, develop and implement large-scale 
projects
 from conception to completion.
Contribute to technical design documentation.
Work independently when required.
Analyze system specifications and translate system requirements to task specifications for junior programmers.
Interact with clients to analyze their requirements and needs.
Involving Technical Design document.
Technical Proficiency:

Languages
 | : | C#, ASP.NET 4.5, Razor and Type Script
Web Technologies | : | HTML5, CSHTML, AJAX, Java Script, ASP.NET 4.0 & 4.5, Json, JQuery, Knock out Js. Angular 6
Tools | : | TFS, ReSharp, Justdecompile, SQL Développer (Oracle), TFS, Git, Pivotal Tracker,
Operating Systems | : | Windows XP and Windows 7
Databases | : | SQL Server 2008 and 2012, 2017 Oracle 11g
GUI | : | Visual Studio 2013 & 2017, MS Azure Storage,
Framework | : | .Net Core 3.0, .Net 3.5/4.0/4.5, Entity Framework, n-hibernate
Design Pattern | : | N Tier, Repository pattern and MVC pattern.
Services / Cloud | : | Web Api, Web service, Windows services and Dev-Ops,
Working 
Profile
:
For SSG - Chennai: Feb 2019 to Till
Project Tittle : Consumer LOS Integration
Client : Cu-direct
Role : Full Stack Developer
Design Pattern : Repository pattern, 3 tier architecture
Technology Used : Web API, C#, (VS 2022), Postman, Octopus,
SQL Server 2017, CI/CD Azure
Services : Azure Service (App Service)
Description :
Origence streamlines the origination, underwriting, and application process through an extensive and ever-increasing lineup of integrations. There is multiple 3rd party integrated with this application. Which will help to analyze the Borrower Credit, 
Employment
 etc. It's a process of lender uses to take an in-depth look at borrower credit and financial background to determine if they're eligible for a loan. The 3rd party integrations such as Auto Gold, Transunion, Core Logic, First American etc.
Core Logic - Provide a valuation and flood credit information again the borrowers.
First American - Provide a Title information again is the borrowers
Project Tittle : Origence (https://origence.com)
Design Pattern : MVC pattern, 3 tier architecture
Technology Used : C# MVC 5 Razor, (VS 2017), kendo, Javascript,
JQuery, SQL Server 2017, CI/CD Azure
Origence is a Mortgage Application, our online application process is a safe and secure way to apply for a mortgage from your smartphone or computer and it covers the end-to-end functionality of mortgage domain. Based on the borrower's credit information, 
employment
 and property values banker can provide loans to the borrower. There are multiple 3rd party automation had been integrated with this application. Which will help to analyze the Borrower Credit, 
Employment
, Asset, Liability, property value and underwriting. It's a process of lender uses to take an in-depth look at borrower credit and financial background to determine if they're eligible for a loan. The 3rd party integrations such as Equifax, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Core Logic, First American etc.
Equifax Provider - Credit Report Agency to provide the credit information again the borrowers.
Project Tittle : Next Us Lending (https://www.nextuslending.com/)
Client : Next us
Role : Full stack developer and Maintenance
Design Pattern : 3 tier architecture
Technology Used : C# .NET Core 2.0, MVC (VS 2017), JQuery, SQL Server 2017
Services : Web Service
Next Us application will allow to get the mortgage loan quote to anywhere in USA. The Quick Price will allow to quote the scenario based. The borrower can enter their necessary details, Property details, Loan Amount, Servicing and Lock term etc. Borrower can pass and reset the entry with the help of reset option. Borrower can calculate the quotation ("Qualify Calculation ") with help of the calculate pricing option. Borrower can export the quotation details with help of Export PDF. Based on the information the underwriter can process to take an in-depth look at borrower credit and financial background to determine if they're eligible for a loan. This application was developed in .Net Core 2.0, ASP.NET, C# and SQL Server 2017, Web Service.
For TVS Next - Chennai: Oct 2014 to Feb 2019.
Project Tittle : New Zealand (https://www.ttsnzvisa.com)
Client : TTS
Role: Development and Maintenance
Technology Used: C# ASP.NET 4.6 (2015), JQuery, SQL Server 2016
Services : Windows Service
This Application will allow to apply online visa to anywhere. The user can enter the Etihad Home by choosing region and select the country to go. User can enter their necessary details and upload the necessary documents. User can pass and resume the entry with the help of temporary receipt number. With help of receipt number, we can track the details at any status. This application was developed in ASP.NET, C# and SQL Server 2012, Web Service.
Project Tittle : HPS-TA (IAM)
Client: Health Plan System - Total Admin
Role: Development and Data base Design
Design Pattern : MVC Pattern
Technology Used: C# MVC 5 Razor, ASP.NET 4.6 (2015), JQuery,
Web api, Oracle11g (n-hibernante).
IAM- International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers is a fund office that provides health and welfare benefits to participant and their families. System is designed to manage IAM's Employer details such as Address, 
Contact
, Representative and their contracts based on CBA (Collective Bargaining Agreement) between IAM & their Employers.
Project Tittle : Member Portal
Client: Health Plan System
Technology Used: C# MVC 5 Razor, ASP.NET 4.6 (2015), JQuery, Json,
Web api, Oracle11g.
Member Portal is web application used by the members and dependents of Local 338 Union. Members and dependents can register online and view their claims, eligibilities, EOB of claims etc. This has additional features where the member can calculate his pension based on various types of inputs, view annuity details and it can be used to communicate with the fund office.
For JRD Systems - Chennai: Jun 2013 - Oct 2014
Project Tittle : New Customer Setup
Client: Alliance Inspection Management (AIM)
Design Pattern : ASP.NET MVC Pattern
Technology Used: C# MVC 3 Razor, ASP.NET 4.5 (2012), Ajax, JQuery, JSon, Linq and Oracle11g (SQL Developer).
The Customer Administration Module provides ability to replace the current manual intensive process with automated GUI based interface for new customer set up. The New Customer setup allow you to setup details for a customer such as preferred damage standards to use while creating vehicle condition reports, preferred inspection scheduling options, preferred rates, inspection type details, Checklist condition Questions for uploading such as excel, Csv and Txt file format. Edit locations and their contacts and marketplaces for these locations.
Project Tittle : Tool Stats (https://app.toolstats.com/)
Client: Proper Group (https://capturemore.com)
Technology Used: C#, MVC 3, Ajax, JQuery, JSon, SQL Server 2008.
Services : Windows Service.
Tool Stats allows instant access to development information on your production tooling such as process parameters, production settings, BOM, design files and component schematics. All of this data and more can be instantly accessed through the website or using the Tool Stats App on your smart phone.
Personal 
profile
:
Father's name: C.A Soundararajan
Date of Birth:09-05-1982
Gender: Male
Nationality : Indian
Declaration :
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.
Date :
Place : (S.Ezhilmaran)