Curriculum Vitae
Name: K.Vinod Kumar
Mail Id: karnekotavinod9125@gmail.com
Mobile No:9963248237
Carrier 
Objective

Fundamentally strong and vertically upward career graph, graciously bestowed to be a professional, where my hard work and sincerity is instrumental and dignified in achieving the goals-set by my employer, building rapport and harmony together with my team successful

Summary

Good knowledge and exposure to all stages of Accounting Levels.
Has handful of 
experience
 7 years in accounting process like General Ledger. (R2R), Acounts payable and accounts receivable.
Skill Set
GL Reconciliation
SAP GS
General ledger.
Accounts payable.
Professional 
Experience
: 7 years
I have 1.8 years of 
experience
 in EYGDS as SME. From Feb 2022 To July 2023
I have Involve Month End Process If Required To The Team.
Perform month end account closing activities in SAP.
Maintain General ledger account and prepare journal entries for accrual and variances.
Generate and distribute account management reports on monthly basis.
I have process some of the process like Master Data Management process in SAP.
2.6 years of 
experience
 in MOL Information processing services India Pvt Ltd as accounting executive From June 2018 To 2021 Jan
Perform accounting analysis for accounts payables, accounts receivable, reconciliation.
Provide appropriate accounting information to customers when needed
Support auditor in conducting internal and external audits.
Reconciliation general ledger accounts and revenue accounts.
I have 2.7 years' 
experience
 in Bhavanam textile india pvt ltd as accountant From June 2015 To Dec 2017.
Perform month end account closing activities.
I have involved BRS process.
Maintain General ledger account and prepare journal entries.
I have involved in Trail Balance Preparation process.
Perform accounting analysis for Payment pending invoices from the customer.

Education

MBA (finance) from Priyadashini college in Hyderabad.
B.com (Comp) from Phrm degree college Mahabubnagar ou university

Personal Information

NAME: K Vinodkumar
FATHER'S NAME: K Mannaji
GENDER : Male
Marital Status : Un Married
DATE OF BIRTH : 10-05-1991

LANGUAGES
 KNOWN : English ,telugu and hindi
ADDRESS : H.no 3-89/4 Annasagar(vil)
Bhooothpur (m),
Mahaboobnagar( dist), Telangana-509382
I hereby declare that all the information mentioned above is true to the best of my knowledge and given an opportunity, I shall prove to the best of my abilities.
Place: Hyderabad (KarnekotaVinodkumar)
Date: