VinodKumar Dammalapati                                                                        

Email : vinodchari@ymail.com		 Mobile: +91-9677261868
4+ years of Experience as software Developer in software design, analysis, development, testing and implementation of web and client server applications using Microsoft Technologies.
Hands on in application development using with C#, Web Forms in ASP.NET using C# as the code-behind language and ADO.NET and LINQ as the Database data consumer.
Extensive experience in design and development of applications Using .NET and Web Technologies like XML, CSS, Ajax, JavaScript and HTML in N-tier architecture.
Experience in Web Services.
Experience in ASP.NET MVC with EDM (Entity Data Model).
Experience in LINQ with EDM (Entity Data Model).
Basic Experience in  Angular2 
Writing Unit test & Integration testing using NSubstitute 2.0.3 .Net mocking frameworks and Fluent Assertions.
Experience in writing Stored Procedures using MS SQL Server 2008/2012.
Ability to learn & develop using new Technologies quickly.
Good Communication and interpersonal skills

Worked at Trimble Information Technologies India Pvt. Ltd as Software Engineer Chennai from April 2017 to December 2017.
Worked at Cognizant Technology Solutions as Software Engineer Chennai from May 2016 to Feb 2017. 
Worked at Kapardhi Soft Tech Pvt. Ltd as a Software Developer Hyderabad from Jan 2014 to April 2016.

Bachelor of Technology from JNTU-KAKINADA in the year 2012. 

Programming Languages	:            C#.Net 3.5/4.0
Development Tools		:            Visual studio.Net 2010/2012/2015.
Database connectivity		:   	ADO.Net, Entity framework with Linq
Databases			:  	SQL SERVER 2008R2/2014.
Web Technologies		:  	MVC, ASP.NET, AJAX.
Scripting Language		:  	JavaScript, JQuery
SOA Tools			:  	WCF, Web Services,WebApi2
APITools                              :            PostMan,Swagger
Testing Tools                         :           JetBrains Resharper 9. 2
                                                                           




Title		      :	PROJECTSIGHT(GEC)
Technology	      :	C#.Net, Web API,SQL Server,Jenkins,Resharper
                                        EntityFrameWorkWithADO.Net
Environment	       :	 Visual Studio 2015, SQL Server 2014.
              Duration                  :       May 2017 to December 2017
Role		       :	  Developer

Description: Project Sight, a web-based construction project management application powered by Trimble, the industry standard for successful construction project delivery. Project Sight use for Contacts and users. Company contact used someone who is included on the Contacts tab of a company record and Project contact is someone who has access to a project.
Project Sight user: Someone who is invited by the administrator to collaborate in one or more projects in that portfolio. Company and project contacts don't have to be Project Sight users.
Record types Collaborative and data-entry record types are available for tracking your project information. Collaborative record types use the Create and Information panels in the record view, as well as different comment types.
 Responsibilities:
Implement service using WEBAPI2 and check the response status through Postman and also using Swagger through nswag-studio tool.
Run the queries using SQL and Data Inserted. The response 200 OK after I will test my code using Integration Test through Resharper tool. Using Fluent Assertions to assert values and check the status fix the Bugs

Title		    :	CHUBB Insurance
Technology	    :	C#.Net, WebService,DB2,FileNet,
                                        EntityFrameWorkWithADO.Net
Environment	    :	Visual Studio 2013, DB2.
        Duration                :	 June 2016 to Jan 2017
Role		    :	 Developer

Description: Interface Applications needs to be developed or modified to interact with Regional Work view Instances. Changes to Interface should be seamless (as much possible) to applications which are currently interfacing with Apollo-Classic.  
File Net interactions such as searching , creating and updating objects
Application Database read/write operations
System Configuration, detailed logging and exception handling
Extensibility and Reusability
Responsibilities:
Developed Web pages to meet the business requirements using Visual Studio.NET 2013.
Responsible for writing stored procedure and optimizing the queries. (DB2). 
Worked with web services using WCF service model i.e. working with service and data contracts and implementation.





 Title		    :	Online Auto-Service Portal
 Technology	    :	C#.Net, MVC, WCF, SQL Server 2008, JQuery and Ajax, 
                                     Entity Framework with ADO.NET.
  Environment	    :       Visual Studio 2013, SQL Server 2008.
               Duration              :	April 2015 to March 2016
  Role		    :	Developer
Description: It is completely online site for finding and booking garages. It provides services for vehicles to a completely new level of automation. It is the digital source where every engineer and technician can quickly and easily find what they need. It helps people to search their requirement like type of servicing, cost, availability date, parts they want to replace easily.
Responsibilities:
Developed Web pages to meet the business requirements using Visual Studio.NET 2013.
Responsible for writing stored procedure and optimizing the queries. (T-SQL, SQL Server). 
Worked with Razor New View engine of ASP.NET MVC 4.Worked on scaffold templates like Create, Edit, Delete, List for views in MVC. Used HTML helpers for creating views in ASP.NETMVC 4.
Worked with web services using WCF service model i.e. working with service and data contracts and implementation.
Title		    :	Logistics Portal
Technology	    :	C#.Net, MVC, WCF, SQL Server 2008, JQuery and Ajax, 
                                         Entity Framework with ADO.NET.
Environment	    :        Visual Studio 2013, SQL Server 2008.
        Duration                :	Feb 2014 to Mar 2015
             Role		    :	Developer
Description: It is completely online site for Vehicle Service Master Portal. It provides services for vehicles to a completely new level of Vehicle Master. It is used to transport a service for online and register particular area to provide a service. It helps people to search their requirement like type of servicing,
cost, availability date, transport one location to another location and Identify Truck Information and details of Driver and helper.
Responsibilities:
Developed Web pages to meet the business requirements using Visual Studio.NET 2013.
Responsible for writing stored procedure and optimizing the queries. (T-SQL, SQL Server). 
Worked with Razor New View engine of ASP.NET MVC 4 Worked on scaffold templates like Create, Edit, Delete, List for views in  MVC
Used HTML helpers for creating views in ASP.NET  MVC 4.Worked with web services using WCF service model i.e. working with service and data contracts and implementation.