Page 1
INDIRAPRIYADHARSINI G
Designation
: Senior Analyst - Testing
Location

: Chennai, India
Mail ID

: indhupriya180@gmail.com
Mobile Number
: 9585639122

Experience
 
summary


5.4 years of 
Experience
 in Software testing (Both Manual & Automation) of API & Web
applications related TELECOM Domain.
Good knowledge in analyzing Business Requirements, developing and executing Test
Plans, Test Cases and Test Scenarios.
Adept identifying Test Scenario's and writing Test cases by applying test case design
techniques.
Expertise in writing Test strategy, Test plan preparation and implementation, Test case
design, Test tool usage, Test execution, Defect Management and Defect tracking.
Familiar with Agile methodology.
Expertise in Wireless Testing of Prepaid Lifecycle and Top-up.
Involved in performing different kind of testing like, Smoke, Functional, Regression,
Integration and Automation tests.
Good expertise in API testing using POSTMAN & INSOMNIA.
Involved in manually testing UI application from front end.
Experienced in complete Software Development Life Cycle, Software Testing Life Cycle
& Bug Life Cycle
Good 
experience
 in API automation using Rest assured & Cucumber BDD framework.
Good 
experience
 in web application automation using selenium web driver.
Good analytical, communication 
skills
 and ability to work independently with minimal
supervision and also perform as part of a team.
Having basic knowledge in SQL queries.
Having basic knowledge in GIT & Jenkins.

Page 2
Expertise - Technical 
skills

Operating Systems
: Windows 8/10
Domain Knowledge
: TELECOM
Test Management Tool
: TestRail
Programming 
Languages
 : Java
Test Reporting Tool
: Jira
Web Technologies
: HTML, Javascript, Amazon web service, JSON
Databases

: SQL (Basics)
Test Automation tool : Selenium
BDD framework : Cucumber
Unit Testing Framework
: TestNG
Testing Tool & IDE
: Postman, Insomnia, Eclipse, Selenium IDE, Spring tool suite.

Projects

July 2021 - Jan 2024

Project - Network Enabler (API Testing)

Network Enabler (NE) is the middleware component between Verizon and Network services
layer (NSL). Network Enabler manages data movement between integrated systems. And
provides an integration layer to automate complex business processes and provide unified
access to information for all systems connected to it.

Roles and Responsibilities

Understand and analyze the Requirements to design all possible test scenarios and test
cases.
Involved in testing APIs using POSTMAN.
Involved in performing different kind of testing like, Smoke, Regression, Functional,
Involved in manually testing NE system UI to support our application from front end.
Worked in Sprint Life cycle and completed the entire module changes and testing on
time
Involved in API automation using Cucumber BDD framework
Test Design and Execution tracking using the TestRail
Reporting and tracking the Bug using JIRA.

Page 3
January 2019 - June 2021

Project - Spectrum Mobile Testing (API Testing)

This project will deploy mobile wireless services by reselling the services of a Mobile Network
Operator (MNO) to launch these services as Charter's fourth product in a future Quad-play. In
order to accelerate the time to market, Charter will rely on an existing Mobile Virtual Network
Enabler' s capability in lieu of utilizing Charter' s own development resources.

Responsible for conducting Test case Review meeting with developers and Business
Analyst.
Preparation of Automation scripts using Ready API tool.
Executing the test scripts, analyzing the results and updating the status.
Reporting and tracking the Bug using JIRA

August 2018 - December 2018

Project - Firefly - CAT Team (Web Application)

This application is Order Provisioning product (Century Service Orchestrator) for Comcast.
Comcast uses our products to track the orders for Business Customers. The orders of Business
Customer are uploaded in the Order Entry Application and the multiple tasks required for
provisioning the orders gets launched in Order Provisioning Application.

Responsible for attending requirement walkthrough to gather required information.
Writing selenium web driver script and modifying the scripts based on requirement
changes.
Modifying test scripts according to business requirements.
Reporting and tracking the Bug using ALM.

Page 4

Education

Bachelor of Mathematics & Computer Science (2014 - 2017)
SASTRA UNIVERSITY, Kumbakonam, TamilNadu.
Personal Details
Date of Birth

: 16.03.1997
Marital status

: Married
Nationality

: Indian

Languages
 known : Tamil, English