Career Objectives:
GURU VISHNU MOHAN KARNATI
Email ID:killerunixos@gmail.com

Contact
: +91 9004662434

To utilize my Technical 
skills
 with a self-motivated and positive approach with an organization
that will help to improve my professional and personal growth.

Professional 
Summary
:

● 6years and 11 months of 
experience
 in Information Security and currently working
as Security Analyst (Security Operation Center team).
● Hands on 
experience
 on Threat analysis and Security Monitoring and Operation.
● 
Experience
 on SIEM (Security Information and Event Management) tools like Monitoring
real-time events using HP ArcSight, Splunk tool.
● Preparing daily, weekly, and monthly report as per client requirement.
● Investigating and creating case for the security threats and forwarding it to Onsite SOC
team for further investigation and action.
● 
Experience
 on performing log analysis and analyzing the crucial alerts at immediate basis.
● Filling the Daily health checklist.
● 
Experience
 on PC assembling, OS Installation and troubleshooting.
● Installation of Application Software and Antivirus software.
● Installing the Operating Software such as Windows.
● Technical support as hardware and Software Engineer.
● Planned and executed routine repairs and system upgrades.
● Supervised and performed installation of new IT network equipment and system software.
● Preparing reports as per client request, Preparing Knowledge base and use cases.
● Reporting weekly / monthly dashboards to customer.
● Recognizing attacks based on their signatures.
● Monitoring and carrying out second level analysis incidents.
● Have knowledge in device integration, alarm creation and watch list creation in ESM.

Technical 
Skills
:

➢ Application Security - Web Security.
➢ SOC (Security Operation Center).
➢ SIEM (Security Information and Event Management) Tool: HP Arc Sight, Splunk tool,
QRader.
➢ End Point Protections (Symantec AV/DLP, Carbon black defense & Protect/Bit9)
➢ NextGen Firewall (PaloAlto Networks)
➢ Spam & Phishing Email Analysis Proofpoint
➢ Having Good Knowledge in Open DNS, blocking malicious url and domains as per client
requirement.
➢ Phishing Email Analysis, Threat Grid, Cisco Visibility, Hybrid analysis.
➢ Having good knowledge in Threat grid to analyze phishing emails.
➢ Having good knowledge in Cisco IDS and packet analysis.
➢ Create, Modify and Update Security Information Event Management (SIEM) Tools.
➢ Perform Cyber and Technical Threat Analysis.

➢ Experienced on real-time attacks like phishing, spear phishing and DDOS attacks.

Work 
Experience
:

➢ Currently working as Security Analyst with (Purchasing Power LLC) Tech
Mahindra from February 2020 to till Date.

Company: Tech Mahindra
Project: Security Monitoring and Operations.
Role: SOC
Responsibilities:
● Working in Security Operation Center (24x7), monitoring of SOC events, detecting,
and preventing the Intrusion attempts.
● Responding to various security alerts for various client
● Monitoring real-time events using SIEM tools like HP ArcSight, Splunk.
● Monitoring, analyzing and responding to infrastructure threats and vulnerabilities.
● Ad hoc report for various event sources customized reports and scheduled reports as per
requirements.
● Collecting the logs of all the network devices and analyze the logs to find the suspicious
activities.
● Monitoring the DLP and Email and web logs and NIS Malware, Spam mails &
Investigate and escalating to the L2 and closing the incidents.
● Creating the tickets in ticketing tool.
● Updating the Trackers.

➢ Security Analyst with Savvy Tech Solution Pvt Ltd from Oct 2015 to Oct 2020
Professional 
Experience
:
Company: Savvy Tech Solution Pvt Ltd
Role: Information Security Analyst
● Working in Security Operation Center (24x7), monitoring of SOC events, detecting and
preventing the Intrusion attempts.
● Responding to various security alerts for various client and scanning for vulnerabilities
using tools Qualys.

● Investigate the security logs, mitigation strategies and responsible for preparing generic
security incident reports.
● Responsible to preparing the root cause analysis reports based on the analysis.
● Analyzing daily, weekly and monthly reports.
● Creating case for the suspicious issue and forwarding it to Onsite SOC team for further
investigation.

Education
:

➢ Bachelor of Information Technology in Veltech University Chennai.

Declaration: I Guru Vishnu Mohan Karnati declare that the above given information is
correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

( Guru Vishnu Mohan K )