.
.
Abinaya Arulmohan
Chennai, Tamil Nadu
abishakshi1496@gmail.com
+91 8667256871
www.linkedin.com/in/abinaya-arulmohan-7556b8103
SUMMARY
Experienced Angular Front-End Developer with 5+ years of experience in Angular, JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap,
Nodejs, MongoDB. Proven expertise in creating and refining the user experience of web applications. Highly skilled in developing
responsive, dynamic web interfaces.
EXPERIENCE
Senior Software Developer
Prudential travels Pvt Ltd
October 2022 - Present
• Hands-on software development with Angular 14 ,HTML,CSS, Bootstrap, Javascript, Typescript and Implemented Fusionchart,
Lightgallery, Ngrx, Google Map.
Angular Developer
Contus
January 2021 - September 2022 Chennai, Tamilnadu.
,
• Hands-on software development with Angular 13 ,HTML,CSS, Bootstrap, Javascript, Typescript. Experience debugging code
,locating the root causes of problems and resolving them.
• Implemented Ag Grid on some of the modules.
Angular Developer
Oasys Cybernetics Pvt Ltd
July 2019 - January 2021 Chennai, Tamilnadu.
,
• Working knowledge of code optimization and performance techniques . Cooperating with the back-end developer in the process
of building the REST full API.
• Having experience on web-based GIT repository manager and familiar with useful operations like commit, push, raising MR,
resolve conflicts, merge,
• create new branch and so on. Experience on debugging code,locating the root causes of problems and resolving them.
• Developed AngularJS applications that met usability criteria, increased performance by 15%, and optimized code for best
experience across devices.
• Utilized expertise to develop highly interactive UIs, web applications, and components that support the application architecture.
• Executed unit tests and end-to-end tests to ensure quality and error-free code.
• Implemented security strategies and software best practices to maintain a safe coding environment.
Junior Angular Developer
Ebrain Technologies
May 2018 - June 2019 Thanjavur, Tamilnadu.
,
• Developed an end to end application built entirely using Angular. Developed responsive web UI and managed data.
• Extensive Experience in Creating Components & reusable Components. Good understanding on usage of states and props inside
components.
• Implemented API calls Post/Get/Put/Delete methods. Experience with RESTfull Services and API's. Utilized Angular-Router to
create Dynamic
• Routing.
• Troubleshooting & Bugs fixes for the web application. Used Node Package Manager (NPM) to manage modules.
• Extensively used Bootstrap to implement Bootstrap buttons, forms, pagination's, grids, popover scroll spy in web pages.
• Improved performance by utilizing feature lazy loading and caching to improve the load time of the application by 40%.
PROJECTS
Arable Labs
Arable Labs (Working under the payroll of  Prudential travels Pvt Ltd)
• Arable delivers unparalleled levels of visibility and insight by putting daily crop images, forecasts, as well as real-time weather,
plant, soil, and irrigation intelligence all at your fingertips. With Arable you’ll see more, know more, and be empowered to grow
more.
• Arable delivers comprehensive, actionable insights in one simple yet powerful solution. With the crop intelligence you need at
your fingertips, you can spend less time guessing and more time optimizing productivity, sustainability, and profitability.
• Understand outcome drivers by linking weather events to plant development
• Create your own seasons and assign growth stages for any crop variety
.
.
• Drive operational decisions by comparing data across locations
• Manage your teams’ work with customizable alerts and permissions
Taste Editor
Contus
• Taste Editor uses to handle huge number of taste flavors from labs. To validate whether experiment follows international
standards, cost effective and meets client’s expectations. Once experiment pass all the constrains experiment will convert has
products
Health Management Information Systems
Oasys cybernetics Pvt Ltd.
• Health Management Information Systems (HMIS 3.0) is one of the six building blocks essential for health system strengthening.
HMIS is a data collection system specifically designed to support planning, management, and decision making in health facilities
and organizations.
• We have developed HMIS for Tamil Nadu government.
E-pass
Oasys Cybernatics Pvt Ltd
• E-pass is an application which is created for Tamilnadu Government Essential Products Transport. It is used to transport
essential products from Tamilnadu to other state and view- versa.
Uzhavar Santhai
Ebrain Technologies
• UzhavarSanthai simplifies the efforts of farmers to sell their products. Farmers can make use of this application to post their
products. With this application, Everyone can buy products. This application is completely based on brocker -free concept to buy
products by nominal cost. This application have ADMIN PANEL also, admin can support the users through this application such as
Activating and Deactivating users and can add category.
EDUCATION
Bachelor Of Engineering
Minor in Computer Science • Anjalai Ammal Mahalingam Engineering College • 2017 • 73%
SKILLS
LANGUAGES : HTML, CSS, BOOTSTRAP, Javascript, Typescript, Node.js
FRAMEWORK : ANGULAR 8, 11, 14
DATABASE : MongoDB
TOOLS : Visual studio code, Sublime, Postman, MS Excel, Git