Durga Prasad
Security Analyst

CONTACT
 INFORMATION
Phone Number: +91 7799345141
Email: pdurgaprasad1091@gmail.com
PERSONAL 
PROFILE

SOC Analyst with 4.2 years of 
experience
 in IT, with security operations
including Incident management, Endpoint security and logs analysis through
SIEM. 
Experience
 on working in 24x7 operations of SOC team, offering log
monitoring, and security information management

PROFESSIONAL 
SUMMARY

4+years of hands on IT 
Experience
 in securing the network environment.

Experience
 in Information Security with emphasis on security operations, incident
management, intrusion detection, and security event analysis using SIEM tool Azure Sentinel
and Qradar.

Experience
 in Monitoring & Investigating the incoming Events.

Experience
 of working in 24x7 operations of SOC team, offering log monitoring, security
information management, global threat monitoring.

Experience
 in generating Daily, Weekly & Monthly Reports.

Experience
 on performing log analysis and analyzing the crucial alerts at immediate basis
through SIEM.
Handling critical alerts from Symantec Endpoint Protection and working for resolution.
Handling alerts from Crowd strike EDR and investigation.
Responsible for triage of a variety of alerts stemming from Malware.
Responsible for monitoring the Phishing attempts.
Exposure to Ticketing tool like Service Now.
Strong knowledge on Event Life Cycle and its Phases.
Strong knowledge on Incident management life cycle.
Good communication, problem solving 
skills
 and the ability to acquire new 
skills
 in a timely
manner.
Strong in team coordination and managing tasks.
TECHNICAL 
SKILLS

SIEM Tool: Qradar, Splunk, Azure Sentinel.
EDR: Falcon, Crowd strike.
Phishing and email Security.
Other Tools: O365 ATP.
Ticketing Tool: Service Now, Trend Micro.
Endpoint protection: Symantec, Mcafee.
Vulnerability Management: Nessus, Qualys.
IDS, IPS, DLP.

WORK EXPERIANCE
COMPANY: HTC GLOBAL
SEP 2018 - TILL DATE
ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES
Monitoring the incoming security alerts in SIEM tools like Qradar and Azure Sentinel.
Working in Offshore SOC team. Monitoring of SOC events, detecting and preventing the
Intrusion attempts.
Ad hoc report for various event sources customized reports and scheduled reports as per
requirements.
Collecting the logs of all the network devices and analyses the logs to find the suspicious
activities.
Investigate the security logs, mitigation strategies and Responsible for preparing generic
security incident report.
Handling Alerts from multiple Security Log sources such as Proxy, Anti-Virus and EDR.
Deep dive Investigation through Falcon EDR.
Monitoring, analyzing and responding to infrastructure threats and vulnerabilities.
Phishing and Spam Email Analysis.
security incident reports.
Responsible to preparing the root cause analysis reports based on the analysis.
Analyzing daily, weekly and monthly reports.
Creating case for the suspicious issue and forwarding it to Onsite SOC team for further
investigation.
Website Anti-Malware and Defacement monitoring and real-time alerting based on anomalies
detected.
Troubleshooting SIEM dashboard issues when there are no reports getting generated or no
data available.
Monitoring of SOC events, detecting and preventing the Intrusion attempts.
Investigating the events based on particular criteria by creating an Active Channel.
Handling the failed logins issues from the different systems.
Handling the different issues like Phishing, Spam and Malicious email.
Working on security related threats and Incidents.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Engineering (CSE)
Kakinada Institute of Engineering and Technology (JNTU-K), in 2013 with aggregate of 61%
DECLARATION
I Here declare that the above given information is correct to the best of my knowledge and
belief.
Date:
Place:
(Durga Prasad)