N
Naresh Kumar 
ASP Dot Net Developer 
No:9, Kizakuvasal Nagar, 
Nainarmandabam, 
Pondicherry - 605004 
snash077@gmail.com 
9944854238 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Highly skilled and experienced Software developer with 2.9 years of experience and passion for creating visually stunning and user-friendly websites and web 
applications. Possessing a  strong  understanding of web development principles and a deep knowledge of user-centered design, I am able to deliver projects that 
exceed  client  expectations.  I  am  highly motivated and always looking for new challenges, and I have a proven track record of success in delivering projects on 
time and to the highest standards. 
 
Professional Experience 
January  2023 – Presen t 
Assosiate Application Developer ADP India – 9 Months 
IHCM- It is an comprehensive global provider of cloud-based human capital management (HCM) solutions 
that unite payroll, HR, talent, time, tax and benefits, and a leader in business outsourcing services and 
analytics. It combines advanced cloud-based technology, data-driven insights, and deep expertise to 
empower your business and evolve as you grow and expand. 
As an HR Payroll application it contains all the basic modules included User Management, Payroll etc.. We 
have application setup for single country and Multi country. Application is completely configurable. 
 
 
Technology used: ASP .net core, ASP .net Console APP, Angular Js, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap 4, 
AJAX. 
 
Responsibilities: 
• 
Worked in Admin Console Tool, it is an view generator to generate pages/forms. 
• 
Worked in Jenkins for deployment process. 
• 
Involved in enhancing Meta Data Form. 
• 
Involved in feature enhancement like employee filter, session timeout, Read-Only access (user level). 
• 
Involved in the planning for quarter S4 FY2. 
Additional Technology Known: React JS, Angular 14, NextJs 
 
 
December 2020 – Dec e mb er 2022 
Software Developer Okit Tech – 2 Years 
AETC Pro - It is a financial application which can manage multiple brokerage  companies  within their  
brokers  and their final customers’ investments, insurance and other financial data safe and secure. Here 
they can create and manage to have multiple clients and their own web application to deploy. It has the most 
secure data of their client which was stored in Store4Doc with military grade security and it is easy of access 
within their personal safe and secure. 
 
 
And worked on the Design part of the same project in  Angular 14 where we redesigned  the entire website 
according to the Client requirement. 
 
Technology used: ASP .net MVC, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap 4, AJAX. 
 
August  2018 - July 2020 
Process Associate Tech Mahindra 
Worked in Project Where we have to help the Customers in their Broadband issue and also help the 
Customers in their internet issue 
 
Education 
February 2000 - May 2012 
Computer Science in Computer Science Amalorpavam Hr Sec School at Pondicherry 
2012 - June 2016 
B.Tech (ECE) in Electronic Communication Engineering (ECE) Sri Manakula 
Vinayagar Engineering College at Pondicherry 
 
Key Skills 
ASP .NET MVC, ASP .net Core, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Bootstrap 4, ReactJS, Angular 14, Angular JS 
 
Certifications 
March 2020 
NIIT Course 
2019 
CCNA Certified Candidate 
 
 
> Language 
Tamil (Advance) and English (Advance).