Designation:
Lead Engineer
Current Company:
HCL Technology, Chennai (India)
Looking for:
Full Stack developer(MEAN stack Developer) or UI
Developer for Angular 2+ version.
Educational Qualification:
MCA(Master of Computer Application)
Mobile:

Email:

Experience
 
Summary


Having 7 years of relevant 
experience
 in web development.
Extensive knowledge in web technologies like HTML5, CSS3/LESS/SASS, Bootstrap, Material design,
JavaScript, TypeScript, jQuery and Angular.
My current project is Angular latest version of Angular 8.
I had worked in Angular 2,5,6,7 and 8. And upcoming version of angular 9 features also up to date
updated.
Hands-on 
experience
 in working on Server Side development like nodejs and MongoDB.
I have worked with different domains, including E-commerce, healthcare and entertainment.
Worked on Agile and Waterfall model based 
projects
.
The quality of good understanding the requirements before implementing it. Strong analytical and
design 
skills
, I can deliver all my work with high quality and always an approachable person.
Demonstrated ability to work independently, and the flexibility to adapt in an ever-changing
business environment.

 
Employment

Presently working as a Senior software Engineer in HCL Technology, Chennai.
Previously worked as a Application Development Software Engineer in Wintwin Technologies at
Chennai.

Work 
Experience

Pixel perfect and Responsive UI development.
Develop a internationalized web Application for Translate more than 
languages
 like French, German,
Dutch, Danish, Italian and more using ngx- translate.
Integrating front-end code with the backend services (RESTful services, JSON, XML). Also, I
developed rest services using Node JS and express JS.
Used task runners like Grunt and Gulp in my 
projects
.
Good understanding of front-end optimization techniques and cross-browser compatibility.
Strong Hands on 
experience
 on code debugging, API Testing and verifying Log files.
Worked on agile methodology and waterfall model based 
projects
.
Reusable component development, Code optimization, bug fixes and Unit testing.
Conducting the technical Interview with the candidates for UI / front end developer requirements.
Created UI checklist document for the team members to following the coding standards.
Coordinator for organizing team events like project team outing.

GURUMOORTHY
EMAIL : gurumoorthy123@gmail.com
Mobile: 7639452156

Education
 Details

MCA - Madras University at Chennai (78%).
BCA - Sree Ragavendra Arts & Science Collage Chidambaram(75%).
Schooling - Government Higher Secondary School at Chidambaram.

Technical Proficiency

Area of Interest
MEAN Stack Developer, Angular UI Developer, Node JS server side
developer.
Technologies
HTML5, CSS/CSS3, SASS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, TypeScript/
Angular 2 to8, Nodejs and MongoDB.
Tools
Visual studio code, SVN, GIT, JIRA and Adobe Photoshop

Project Details

1. EDWARDS Lifesciences, Feb 2019 - Till now.

Client Name : Edwards Lifesciences corporation.
Domain
: Health Care,
Technology Stack
: HTML5, CSS, SASS, Angular Material Design, ngx-translate, ngx- bootstrap,
Angular 8, Java sprint boot.

Role and Responsibilities
I worked on Angular 7 initially and then later we are migrating to Angular 8.
I am the Only person to handle hole UI Side Development in this Project. Only one UI Resource
in this project.
I am playing roles on this 
projects
 are UI design, file structure, file maintenance, UI
development, Authentication ,REST API Integration and unit testing.
Used ngx-bootstrap and material design with Angular 8 for displaying and managing the
data in the UI.
Using LazyLoading concept to Improving application performances.
Project have 14 Language support. So I am using ngx-translate to solve this 14 language
support.
Following code quality standards and karma, jasmine bug fixes to improve the code quality.
Cross browser compatibility, cross platform support, Code optimization and Unit Testing.
Worked on innovation ideas and its implementation.

2. CARDIAC SCIENCE LCAED SERVER Device management software, Jun 2018 - Jan 2019.

Client Name : cardiac science corporation.
: Health Care
Angular 7, Node JS and MongoDB

I worked on Angular 7 and Node JS.
I am playing roles on this 
projects
 are Wireframe design, file structure, file maintenance, UX
design, UI development, Authentication ,REST API Integration and unit testing.
I have created Restful web services using Node JS and Express JS. Created reusable
components and directives.
Project have 14 Language support. So I am using ngx-translate to solve this 3 language

3. NBCUniversal Campus, April 2017 - Jun 2018.

Client Name
: NBCUniversal
: Entertainment / Media
: HTML5, SASS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, material design, Angular 6 & Java.
Team Size : 140

Worked as one of the UI developer to build a new web Application. started Angular 2 initially
and then later we are migrating to Angular 6
Used ngx-bootstrap and material design with Angular 6 for displaying and managing the

 Declaration

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.