M.R.Gangadharan 
Mobile Number: 9976443918 
 
   Email: mrgangadharan@yahoo.com 
 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
⮚ 8 + years of professional experience in software design, development, debugging, deployment, 
documentation and testing of Client–Server and  Web based Applications. 
⮚ Front End development experience in HTML5, CSS3, sass, styles, jQuery, Angular. 
 
⮚ Experienced in SW development models like Extreme Programming, Agile and Scrum. 
⮚ Experience in Team Leading and schedule planning 
 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
 
Technology 
: Angular 6+,React Js(UI), HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, SCSS,                  
 
  Prime NG, Material UI, Responsive Web Design,  LESS,                                    
 
  Telerik, Kendo, Magento, Ruby on Rails 
   Scripting Languages 
  : JavaScript, Type Script 
IDE 
: Visual Studio Code, Notepad++, Epsilon, WAMP, Ultra Edit, VB 
Design Skill 
: Adobe Photo shop, Adobe XD, Illustrator, Figma 
Additional Knowledge 
: SQL, SEO 
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
⮚ Working as a Associate Lead  in EMIDS Tech. Pvt. Ltd from November 2020 to June 2023. 
⮚ Working as a UI Lead in Digital Software Inc from Aug 2019 - April 2020. 
 
⮚ Working as a Senior UI Developer in Vitalic Health Private Limited from Nov 2017  – July 
2019. 
⮚ Worked as a Senior UI Developer in ANB Systems Private Limited  from July 2015  – 
Oct 2017. 
⮚ Worked as a UI Developer in B&A Digitactical Solutions  from October 2013  – June 
2015. 
 
 
PROJECT SUMMARY 
Project Name : Prime Suite - Tech Remediation (EHR solution) 
Environment : .Net 4.7.2, SQL, MVC,  Angular 9, HTML, Sass, Bootstrap,  Prime NG, HTML5, CSS3, 
Flex Layout 
 
 
Description : Green way Health’s electronic health record (EHR) platform Intergy offers a user-
friendly, specialty-focused EHR solution for ambulatory healthcare practice. The cloud-based 
Intergy EHR platform supports the functions of your practice, enabling financial success and 
restoring the focus on patient care. Whether you practice primary care, pediatrics, OB-GYN, 
or another specialty, our electronic health records solution has features tailored to your 
practice’s unique needs. Improve efficiency with easy-to-navigate documentation that doesn’t 
slow you down. Intergy fosters collaboration between providers and staff. 
 
Roles and Responsibility 
✔ Participated in the System Study and preparation of Product Requirement Specifications design 
✔ Developed front-end Design using Angular, Typescript, HTML, CSS and Flex Layout 
✔ Developed UI Components using in PRIME NG library 
✔ Developed common components using Angular Library 
✔ Supported Developer  team for develop application through Product Library 
✔ Developed and merged the code into development, staging and production 
 
Project Name : E-Commerce Application 
Environment : Angular 7,  Typescript, Html, SCSS 
 
Description   :   E-commerce Application with payment gateway Integration. The Application has 
the admin functionalities. Admin can upload products from the admin panel with categories. He 
can make the entire application from the admin panel. In front end, the products will be displayed 
with short descriptions and other details. Users can Search, Add products in their cart Update 
their cart and purchase through PayPal and payment gateway. 
 
Roles and Responsibility 
✔ Involved in analyzing, designing and developing the solution for the project 
✔  Responsible for the partial development of the application which is based on Involved in 
       defect fixing . 
✔ Developed and merged the code into development, staging and production.  
 
Project Name : Netmeds 
Domain  
  : E-commerce 
Environment :  PHP,  Magento, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap  
 
Description : Netmeds.com is one of India’s most trusted pharmacies, dispensing quality medicines at 
reasonable prices to over 7 million happy customers – PAN India. At netmeds.com, we help you look after 
your own health effortlessly as well as take care of loved ones wherever they may reside in India. 
Roles and Responsibility 
 
  ✔ I have understand of user experience and interactive development & execution process. 
   ✔ Conversion of design into PSD into HTML5 (Responsive layouts). 
  ✔ Developed and merged the code into development, staging and production 
 
Project Name : PECO 
Domain            : Energy Domain ( US Project) 
Environment   : Kendo UI ,HTML 5 , css3 , Javascript, JQuery, bootstrap 
 
Description : PECO is Pennsylvania ’s largest electric and natural gas utility, delivering power 
to nearly 1.7 million electric customers and more than 545,000 natural gas customers in 
southeastern Pennsylvania. PECO is a subsidiary of Exelon Corporation (NASDAQ: EXC), the 
largest fully regulated utility company in the nation with more than 10 million customers. 
 
Roles and Responsibility 
 
  ✔  The project used in kendo grid components implementation. Integrated UI page 
         components in dot net environment.  
   ✔ Conversion of design into PSD into HTML5 (Responsive layouts). 
  ✔ Developed and merged the code into development, staging and production 
 
   Project Name : ONCOREEEPM 
   Domain             : Energy Domain ( US Project) 
   Environment   : Kendo UI , JSON (Data Binding) ,HTML 5 , css3 , Javascript, JQuery, bootstrap 
 
Description : The Energy Efficiency Contractor Portal provides information about our Energy 
Efficiency programs, eligibility requirements and the possible incentives you can receive for 
installing solutions that reduce energy use and ease the load on the electric grid. 
 
Roles and Responsibility 
 
 ✔  The project used in kendo grid components implementation  
 ✔ Json data binding developed various screen like login,wizard section and form pages. 
 
 
PROFESSIONAL EDUCATION 
⮚ Master of Business Administration (MBA) from Manonmaniam Sundaranar 
University, Tiruneveli ,Tamil Nadu in 2018 
⮚ Bcom (Bachelor of Commerce ) Sourashtra College Madurai Kamaraj University , 
Tamil Nadu in 2005 
 
PERSONAL DETAIL 
 
Date of Birth 
: 09th December 1984 
Gender 
: Male 
Marital Status 
: Married 
Address 
:   5/4 , Dr Subbarayan Nagar, 3rd Street,   
    Kodambakkam, Chennai - 600024 
Language known 
: Tamil, English