Anandh B Software Engineer
Mail: anandhb55@gmail.comMobile: +91-9344868226

CORE COMPETENCIES

2.7 years of 
Experience
 in Manual and Automation Testing
Good 
experience
 in Web Application Automation using Selenium WebDriver

Experience
 in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) Methodologies.
Experienced in Cucumber (BDD) framework with combination of Junit and Java.
Experienced in developing automation framework using Page Object Model.
Having good 
experience
 in core Java concepts and Object-Oriented Programming Concepts.
Worked with Java Database Connection (JDBC).
Good 
experience
 in Agile-Scrum Methodologies.
Good 
experience
 in maintaining automation scripts in Version Control Tool- GIT.
Good 
experience
 in Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CICD) tool -Jenkins
Having good knowledge in Cloud Device like Browser Stack.
Having good 
experience
 in finding and handling Dynamic Web elements.
Proficient in using the Build tool Maven to manage Java/Selenium Automation 
Projects
.
Thoroughly involved in different types of Testing like Smoke, Sanity, Retesting, Regression Testing.
Involved in Ceremonies like Daily Scrum call, Sprint planning, Sprint review and Retrospective.
Good knowledge on MS Office, MS Excel and MS Word
A good team player with good communication and group co-ordination 
skills

ORGANISATIONAL 
PROFILE

Working as a Software Engineer in Cognizant from August 2019 to Till date
EDUCATIONAL CREDENTIALS
Completed BCA from PRIST University Tanjore in 2019.
TECHNICAL 
SKILLS

Programming Language:Java, Selenium
Desired Skill set:Automation
Testing Methodology:Agile
Database:SQL Basis
Framework:Cucumber, TestNG, Junit, POM, Data Driven,
Tools:Maven, GIT, Jenkins, JIRA.
Domain Knowledge:Airline and Ecommerce.
PROJECT 
EXPERIENCE

Project 1:
ClientSky Airlines
DomainAirline Domain
RoleAutomation Tester (Web)
MethodologyAgile Scrum Framework
Project Description:
Sky Airline, styled as SꓘY, is an airline based at Comodoro Arturo Merino Benítez International Airport in Santiago, Chile. It is the second largest airline in the country behind rival LATAM Airlines and the first
airline to operate under a low-cost model in the country. It serves international routes to Argentina, Brazil, Peru and Uruguay. It also operates charter flights in Chile and South America and domestic flights within Peru.

Roles and Responsibilities
:
Analyzing business requirement in order to determine the test strategy covered by automation testing.
Prepare Test Scenario and Test cases
Identifying end to end scenario test cases and executed it manually.
Execute and debug test scripts.
Performed Defect Tracking and Management using JIRA.
Attending Agile Ceremonies Daily Scrum call, Planning &Grooming, Retrospective, Review Meeting
Responsible for preparing Minutes of Meeting Report whenever the internal meetings are happening.
Actively participated in Smoke, Sanity testing during SIT phase.
Involved in Cross Browsing Testing of the application on various browsers to ensure it function
Responsible for preparing defect reports, status reports, test reports and other reports as required
Project 2:
ClientAden and Anais
DomainEcommerce Domain
RoleAutomation and Manual Tester
Aden and Anais provide muslin fabric products for babies and toddlers. The Company designs and markets muslin cotton blankets and sleeping products, crib sheets, changing pad covers, towel sets, and swaddles. Aden & Anais serves customers worldwide.

Roles and Responsibilities
 as an Automation Tester
Understanding and analyzing the user stories, prepare the test scenario based on acceptance criteria.
Creating the Test scenarios, identifying test cases and test data for Automation with Selenium WebDriver using Cucumber with BDD framework.
Developed the design pattern of Page Object Model for reusability.
Responsible for creating a skeleton scripting once the user story is received.
Created Maven Project using Maven build automation tool to create dependencies like Selenium, TestNG, Cucumber, Junit
Involved in writing automation script by using Selenium WebDriver with Enhanced Test cases using Java Programming features with cucumber BDD framework
Preparing the Feature file, Step Definition, Hooks, POM, Utility class in Cucumber framework
Generating JVM reports.
Involved in testing the application utilizing the Scrum (Agile) methodology and
Attended Agile Ceremonies Daily Scrum call, Planning &Grooming, Retrospective, Review Meeting
Responsible for raising and tracking the defect until closure by using JIRA.
Responsible for providing timely solution for the Regression failure test cases.
Involved in creating and consolidating daily/weekly status reports for testing activities and defect reports.
PERSONAL:
Date of Birth:08/01/1999
Marital Status:Single

Languages
 Known:English, Tamil
Nationality:Indian
DECLARATION:
I hereby solemnly declare that all the information furnished above is true, correct and complete to the best of my Knowledge and belief.
Anandh B.