MARIMUTHU RAMAMOORTHY
  muthumailsu@gmail.com, Mobile: 9791872195                                                                                     

                                                                    PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

  Elitbuzz Infotech Private Limited (Client: Mahindra & Mahindra)
Network Support Engineer (March 2019 -Present)
Responsible for troubleshooting and resolving network issues using an end-to-end approach, engaging relevant vendors and application teams where necessary.
Closely monitoring MPLS and Internet Links utilization for network Optimization using Solar Winds Tools and interface logs. Managing SD-Wan Citrix NetScaler for WAN optimization, network flow control, protocol optimization, QoS.
Managing various type of network equipment such as Core / Distribution / Edge switches, WAN Routers, Wireless controller and access point.
Responsible for local and regional network infrastructure and product procurement, participate in the technical evaluation, project implementation, managed vendors, conduct and ensure the documentation and close the project.
Taking regular backup Configuration of core network devices and upgrade IOS, recovery based on logs reports. 
Working on Cisco Routers –ISR4321, 1900ISR series and Cisco Switches – 3500, 3750, 2960,9100,9300 series 
Responsible Network configuration changes (L2/L3 Switches, Router, Wireless), keep update / maintain the documentation, inventory.
Regularly review of the network performance, capacity planning, and contribute the monthly report. 
CMS IT Services Pvt Ltd (Client: Vijaya Bank) (April 2017 – August 2018)
NOC ENGINEER
Tools: Solar Winds Network Monitor and CA Spectrum network fault management Too
Responsible for Monitoring Networking devices performance to ensure system availability, reliability using Solar Winds Network Monitor and CA Spectrum network fault management Tools.
Manage the day-to-day configuration of move, add, change, delete requests and to keep up with the onboarding of network infrastructure into NOC monitoring tools.
Network fault investigations in local and wide area environments and addressing the fault to ensuring maximum network uptime.
Configuring and installing various network devices and services (e.g., Cisco Routers, cisco switches, load balancers)/
Monitoring the interface bandwidth utilization and assessing other parameters of network capacity to enhance the performance of business operation
Interacting, coordinating with Vendor, Internet Service Providers and other internal teams for hardware support, network operation and bugs fixtures respectively.

SSOMENS Software Development, Pondicherry
Junior Network Engineer, Jan 2012 – April 2013
Responsible for assisting implementation IT network equipment, monitor LAN WAN network performance and troubleshooting the problems arises.
Oversee installation, configuration, maintenance and troubleshooting of end user hardware, software and peripheral devices. 
Maintaining the network asset management including technical specification information of network component inventory document. 
Configuring, Managing and troubleshooting the Microsoft Outlook Exchange to send and receive the emails.
Manging user accounts, permissions, access rights, resetting passwords on Active Directory.





Technical Skill
Routing protocols- RIP, EIGRP, OSPF and BGP.
Switching concepts: STP, VLAN, VTP, inter VLAN, port security.
Sound knowledge of ACL, NAT and PAT.
Understanding of network topologies.
knowledge on MPLS, SD-wan
knowledge on AWS
CCNA, CCNP Route, Switch and Troubleshooting 
 Certification
CCNA Switch and Route (200-102) -Cisco Id: CSCO12540170 (Expired)
CCNP Switch and Route Course (ADVANCED LAB) Completed from Sans Bound Networking School.                                                           

Academic Details

Personal Profile
Father’s name                :    P. Ramamurthy
Date of Birth                   :     06/09/1987
Marital status                 :     Single
Languages known         :    English, Tamil (Read, Write & Speak)
Address                            :     1-637, K.R.Puram, Lalapet, Karur, Tamil Nadu.
Passport Number          :     S9969742
PAN Card No               :     CZRPM0398H

Declaration

I do hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated herein above are true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.

You’re faithfully