Classification: Public
Gokula Krishnan S
NO. 3 Sathaya Sai Nagar
Veppampattu - 602024
Thiruvallur Dist.

Contact
 : +91 80725 11935
Mail :krishgokul146@gmail.com

SYNOPSIS

 A result oriented professional with 4 years of 
experience
 in supply chain management and primarily in
areas of purchase , Material management, Logistics and Accounting in finance. Experienced in ERP
SAP S4 HANA
 Accounting & Finance Operations, Payment related works and Handling with vendors.

CAREER 
OBJECTIVE

Build a challenging career in an industry that will fully exploit my 
skills
. I want to emerge as a
successful, true professional through my 'Can Do' attitude, hard work, confidence personality,
high motivation & always willing to work in any critical situation.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERENCE

Maersk Global Service India Pvt Ltd
Designation : Accounts payable associate
Period : May 2023 - Till

Worked as Accounts Payable logistic region invoice processing, Error resolution and query handling
responsible for providing support to all vendor queries relating to invoice payments and analysis relating
payment queries.

 Creating purchase order
 Goods receipt note posting
 Invoice receipt posting
 MS excel, Vlookup, Pivot table
 Bank reconsilation
 Outlook and Email management

 Review and validate basic essentials of valid invoice like supplier details, PO, Bank account,
Invoice number, Invoice date etc.
 Release the invoices for payments timely and accurately
 Ensure that all pay run gets completed as agree with the customer
 Follow up with requisitions ( via calls/emails or tickets ) to solve invoice issues as per the AP
guideline
 Able to think through how to reduce helpdesk queries and help in process improvements
 Adhere their internal compliance policy and guidelines established by the management on their
daily operational activities
 Perform daily internal audit to ensure all invoices / queries are handled as per the guidelines
 Review and process invoices along with providing the resolutions.

PREVIOUS 
EXPERIENCE

KTV Health Food Pvt Ltd., (Joint Venture in Adani Wilmar Ltd)
Designation : Order management, Order to cash & Purchase
Period : May 2021 - DEC 2022

Worked as Procurement Specialist in KTV Health food PVT LTD, Chennai in Essential oil manufacturing
Industry for Food, Telecommunication and Networking Customers. Experienced in SAP S4 HANA.
In KTV
⮚
As a sales in charge I work end to end from taking up the orders, We use to feed the contract using the
T CODE ( VA41 ) and following it up till delivery to the customer.
I used to interact with customers directly via telephone and take up the Sales orders.
Once the invoice has been raised by the billing department we used to follow up the
payment procedures from the customers, using the T CODE ( FBL5N )
To post a manual incoming payment clearance using transaction T CODE ( F-28 )
Reversing a cleared invoice, used for canceling T CODE ( FBRA )
To adjust the payment against an existing invoice, clear the customer open items T CODE ( F-32 )
Responsible for administering and organizing manufacturing and production department.
By using the SAP T CODE ( VA01 ), we used to feed the Sale order using the
customer identification number (Customer code).
Responsible for contract negotiation, price discounting and vendor cost-negotiation from the initial quote
through price negotiation.
Follow-up with concern department for payment release within committed days to the vendor.
Experienced, results-oriented purchasing professional with exceptional abilities in building/developing
internal teams and vendor relationships and skilled in managing material.

PREVIOUS ORGANIZATION
Tenth Planet Technologies Pvt Ltd
Designation: Procure To Pay
Period : Jun 2019 - APR 2021

Responsibilities

 Prepare Purchase Order, Sale Invoice.
 Preparing Sale Invoice as per monthly plan schedule, and then communicate with sales manager
to execute as per ordered quantity of goods to supply.
 Preparing the Monthly Purchase Order, GRIR pending report, Bank reconciliation statement.

Purchasing

Releasing New Purchase orders (POs) to the suppliers based on the demand loaded in system.
Delivery confirmations should be received within TAT.
Supplier to be questioned for the delayed commit date than the agreed date.
Existing POs to be monitored until the components arrive the warehouse.

Inventory Management
Inventory check will be done on monthly and quarterly basis and excess stock available will be
depleted by sharing the excess to other 
projects
 internally or to the sister sites.

During the demand drop from customers, the request will be sent to suppliers to reschedule the
request date of the existing orders in order to avoid the inventory for the respective month or quarter of the
year.

Logistics
Receiving packing information from the suppliers.
Advising the Forwarder details based on the weight, location and incoterms.
Shipping documents to be checked and verified with Customs dept.
Tracking the shipment.
Deciding Mode of transport based on the criticality of the component.

Cost Control
Monitoring and blocking all the orders with buying cost greater than selling cost.
Negotiating with suppliers based on the raw material and making charges of the component.
Customer approval of liability is maintained for extra costs.

TECHINICAL 
EXPERIENCE

 Extensive knowledge in Sap S4 HANA,
 MS Word, MS Excel, PowerPoint.
 Computer related operations.
 Operating Systems: Win 7, Win 8.1 & Win10.
 Type writing in English

ACADEMIC
 DETAILS

 10TH with 62 % - Maharishi Vidya Mandhir Higher Secondary School Gummidipundi2010 to2011.
 12TH with 68% - ST.Marys Matric Higher Secondary School Gummidipundi, 2012 to2013.
 B. Com with 74% - A.M.Jain Arts and science College, Meenambakkam 2013 to2016.

PERSONAL DETAILS

Date of Birth : 25th April1996
Father's Name : G.Srinivasan
Mother's Name : S.Dhanalakshmi
Gender : Male
Mother Tongue : Telugu
MaritalStatus : Un-Married

Languages
 Knows : Tamizh, Telugu &
English

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is true to the best of my
knowledge and belief. I further undertake that the rule and regulation of the organization will be obeyed
by me, and I shall obey by all decision of the management.

Date :
Your's Truthful,
Place : Chennai
Gokula Krishnan