Vivek.M

Contact
: 8807867149 | E-Mail: vivekmurugan28@gmail.com
An accomplished professional, seeking challenging assignments in an organization and to become an integral part in IT industry

PROFILE
 
SUMMARY

5 years of 
experience
 in handling AZURE Infrastructure Admin / Azure Security , Windows admin, Incident Management, Problem Management, Root Cause Analysis, Reporting & Documentation.
Handled a team of 6 members as a Shift Lead and guided them to perform their roles properly.
Ensure Incident Management response and resolution in SLA
Performing end-to-end incident& problem management. Responsible for time-critical User Service/ Infrastructure restoration, technical troubleshooting within complex IT systems environment. Working with customers, internal IT, infrastructure teams and third party data providers throughout the service restoration process.
Documented and tracked the timeline of events that occurred in the process of resolution of each incident and helped the support them for identifying the root cause analysis.
Managing weekly Change Advisory Board (CAB) meetings. Ensures that all CAB meetings are scheduled and facilitated effectively, including the timely generation and distribution of meeting agendas and minutes.
Expertise in monitoring and troubleshooting the critical incidents.
Expertise in production support, Coordinating Incident Bridge calls for quick and prompt resolutions.
Strong ability to communicate clearly and appropriately with executive and management level business partners, non-technical end users, technical subject matter experts and vendors.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Incident Management
Root Cause Analysis
Troubleshooting
High Priority Incidents
Windows Activities
Terraform
Cloud Security
ORGANIZATIONAL 
EXPERIENCE

July 2020- Present | Nokia Solution Pvt.Ltd
Type: Azure Cloud Security Engineer
Tools & Environment: Azure Terraform and Dev-ops Support
Role & Responsibilities: Cloud Administrator for Azure and Azure Security Specialist.
Responsibilities: Azure Security Specialist and Azure Automation

Experience
 in Azure Security Center

Experience
 on Azure Terraform deployment
Configuration Qualys or similar cloud threat protection products
Creating custom templates and rules,
Data connector configurations using Sentinel
Azure Security Center deployment
Configuration on Security policies,
Configuration on security alerts
Configuring cloud security posture management
Perform security assessments of Azure recommdation

Experience
 on Vulnerabilities report
Configuration on azure automation account
Analyze security requirements for cloud implementation and integration
Application Gateway
Azure Load Balancers
Azure Key Vault

Experience
 working with cloud security and governance tools and server virtualization technologies.
Data protection, cryptography, key management, identity, and access management (IAM), network security)
Azure Logic App
Configuration and creation for Custom Policies
Azure blue print

Experience
 on HUB and Spoke
Nov 2019- June2020 | ILink Systems Pvt Ltd.
Client:Prolifiq Pvt.Ltd
© Hexaware Technologies Limited. All rights reserved.© Hexaware Technologies Limited. All rights reserved.Type: Infrastructure support and management
Tools & Environment: Azure and Dev-ops Support
Role & Responsibilities: Cloud Administrator for Azure and Monitoring VMware admin.
Responsibilities: AZURE Infrastructure Admin
Creating and managing the IAM users, groups, Roles, Policies.
Managing Ansible controller
Configuring Ansible and managing.
Help Development Teams automate the environment setup using Ansible
Installing and configuration of Jenkins CI tool.
Server maintenance activities.
Writing Python scripts(using YAML) with Cloud Formation templates to Automate installation of Auto scaling, EC2, VPC, and other service
Support regarding CI/Build tools, Environments and Automation.
Creating and managing the VNET. (Peering, Subnet Creation, NSG configuring)

Experience
 in migration the Virtual machine form on premises to Azure.
Configuration site to site and point to site connectivity.
Creating and managing the Azure VM's,
Configuring and managing the Availability set.
Having Knowledge on Azure DNS.
Configuring the Load balancer.
Configuring and managing the Traffic Manager.
Creating and Configuring the Azure Backup.
Creating and configuring the Azure Storage. (Blob, Table, Queue).
Configuring the Azure Recovery and replication options.
Having Knowledge in Azure AD services.
March 2018- May2019| Hexaware Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Chennai.
Client: Kerzner& POMS(Cloud Project)
Kerzner:
The Company's gaming business is focused on owning, developing or managing casino properties in attractive markets where the Company can capitalize on its development and operating expertise.
POMS: Post Office Management System he implementation of this system in postal department improves the process of work and manages work more effectively. It makes it easier to handle post details, money order details, sales and bills, subscriber details, and much more.
Tools & Environment: Azure and VSphere
Responsibilities: Monitoring Windows Admin.
Creating and managing DNS records.
Installing and configuring windows server 2008/2008R2/2012R2.
Managing DNS server and creating records.
Configuring and Managing the DHCP server.
Configuring and Managing Printer server.
Creating and Managing the OU.
Checking disk space alert
Creating a Backup using Veembackup console
Monitoring the All the Virtual Machine memory utilization.
Tool Used:
Solar winds
Veembackup
Service Aide
FEB 2016- March 2018 | HCL Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Payroll of Adecco info Tech Chennai.
Client: Western Union Business Solutions
Western Union Business Solutions is a business unit of The Western Union Company. WUBS is a global leader in foreign exchange and international payments. Enable companies of all sizes to send and receive cross-border payments and manage their foreign exchange needs.
Nagios
SCOM
Harbor Net
Cherwell
ION
NNMI
AMT
Key Result Areas: Incident Management:
Monitoring the successful completion of the jobs daily which were scheduled for accurate flow of data from one application to another.
Addressing the issues raised by the Users/helpdesk/NOC and resolving them within the SLA.
Coordinate cross department communications when required to assist in resolution of Incidents/ Problem/ Changes.
Follow-up on escalations and issue tracking.
Ensure that the correct Technical teams are engaged and proper focus is paid to outages and recovery.
Responsible to ensure Severity 1 & 2 SLA's are met. Ensure proper management of Sev1 & Sev2 queries/ monitoring.
Send Alert notifications to the Site Support and the Monitoring teams about any network related issues.
Provide updates to the Management of daily outages.
Developed a top 10 server incident list monthly remediation plan reducing repeating server repeat incidents by 60%.
The core role was to keep the applications and the servers up 24/7 and to be in touch with administrators and users to help them and to resolve server and application related issues.
Understanding the issues and involve the technical teams for troubleshooting.
Preparing chronology &notifications for severity incidents and sending them to the business.
Preparing & documenting change reports on every weekend.
Preparing root cause analysis for the incidents occurred for further documentation.
Weekly call with NOC team and discuss with management on every week Tuesday
Daily meetings with management for Incident Auditing & problem tickets for all the tracks.
Coordinated cross functional meetings to determine root cause of problems and improve workflow processes.
Partnered with multiple groups to implement solutions of known errors and increase efficiencies.
Reduced costs by over 20% by eliminating reoccurring incidents from the IT environment and reducing the call volume.
Implemented enhancement in problem analytics specifically in root cause determination, data analysis and problem trending.
Collaborated with cross functional teams and vendors to create a quality root cause analysis to minimize repeat failures.
Optimized Problem Management service to deliver quality outcomes that lead to high levels of customer satisfaction.
Maintained appropriate Problem Management 
training
 material and process documentation.
Identified and implemented improvements to services by enhancing the linkage with other ITSM services.
Apr'15- Feb'16 | NITYO info tech client CITI crop service Indian pvt.ltd.in End user configuration and LAN Engineer
Client: CITI crop service Indian pvt.ltd
project has installed in 400 users- pointsec is an enterprise security solution which protects data at rest on a mobile device against intrusion by employing the use of strong authentication and encryption and Point sec encrypts the entire disk sector-by-sector, including the system files, temp files, and even deleted files.
Key Result Areas:
Monitor the alerts, create the ticket and assign the ticket to the tracks accordingly.
Daily activities include checking email alerts, Notification mails and creating tickets to the concerned team based on the alerts.
Address various L1 issues and resolve the incidents within the SLA.
Prepare all daily, weekly incident reports and send it to the management.
Regular scheduling of weekly meetings and discuss on handling the incidents with the team.
Assigning and Managing the ticket volume among the team
Managing user accounts, groups, print queues and controlling access rights using Active Directory.
Coordinating with various vendors like HP, Lenovo, Dell for hardware related issues.
Managing Software and Hardware Inventory
Using AD - Creating User account, Creating and giving permissions for Home folder and share folders
Patch updating using Windows update WSUS
Disk Quota enabling
Running daily DCFC.
Certificate
70-533 Implementing Microsoft Azure Infrastructure Solutions certified.
AZ-500 Cloud Security certified.

EDUCATION

B.E (ECE) from SKP Institute of Technology , Anna University, chennai with 62% in 2014
Diploma (ECE) from DR M.G.R Polytechnic college Arani in 88 % in 2011
10th from Town Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Polur with 58% in 2008
IT 
SKILLS

Operating System: Windows XP, Window 7, 8.8.1 / Linux
Networking Technologies TCP/IP, ADS, DHCP, DNS, Citrix - XEN, VDI
Antivirus ToolMcAfee (Scanning virus over the network)
Ticketing ToolsService Now, Resolve IT, ION ,Ipass,cherwell,
MessagingMS Outlook client configuration and support
Remote ToolNet meeting, VNC Viewer, Ultra VNC, Web - EX and RDP
HardwareHP, IBM, Lenovo, Dell
Monitoring ToolSCOM, Habornet, Nagios, solarwinds,AMT NNMI
IT'S Project Involvements in CITI BANK
project has been completed in 500 pc -wipe utility ensures the complete elimination of confidential data by overwriting every sector of the host hard drives. This product also wipes and erases data from external/removable hard drives, diskettes, memory cards, and USB drives
PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth: 28thSeptember 1992 | 
Languages
 Known: English, Tamil
© Hexaware Technologies Limited. All rights reserved.