Mr. Amol Anant Humane.
Mobile : +917057868144 / +917083173674
E-Mail ID : humaneamol1998@gmail.com

Summary
 :
Software Developer with 4+ years of IT 
experience
 in .Net technologies with exposure to
company's interaction, design, development of applications, Possess technical and communication

skills
. Worked with Dot Net Frameworks like Dot Net Core and MVC. 
Experience
 In Databases like
SQL server, Azure SQL and Oracle. Vast 
Experience
 in API development, C# and LINQ . Having
hands on 
experience
 in web designing tools like HTML5, CSS and Javascript . Having knowledge in
Azure PaSS and Angular. 
Experience
 of Agile work environments and teams and critical
Finance/Banking domain 
projects
.

Currently working as a Consultant Development in Infogain from September 2021.
TECHNICAL 
SKILLS
:

Dot net Frameworks - Dot Net Core and ASP.NET MVC

Database - MS-SQL ,Azure SQL and Oracle

Solid understanding of C# , LINQ , Web API and Unit Testing

Web designing Tools-HTML ,CSS ,Bootstrap and basic JavaScript

Cloud Technology - Hands on 
experience
 on Azure .

Having knowledge of Angular 12.

Tools-Visual Studio, MS-SQL Management Studio, Postman, VS code, GIT, Azure portal

TRAINING
 AND CERTIFICATION:

Training
 on Azure PaSS
AZ-900 Certification- Azure Fundamentals
AZ-204 Certification- Azure developer associate.
Unit Testing 
training

Dot net 6
Completed 
Training
 on Angular 12.

ORGANIZATION 
EXPERIENCE
:
Company Name: Infogain (Sept 2022 - present)
1. Project Name: APD Repair MCE Bumblebee
This application is for vehicle Insurance and estimation. The user can estimate the damaged part
of vehicle and take actions accordingly.
Client Name: Mitchell International

Environment: Asp.Net MVC ,SQL,Web Api

Roles And Responsibilities
:
Web Api development
Writing database scripts
Unit Testing

Company Name: Larsen & Toubro Infotech (Sept 2021 - August 2022)
1.Project Name: Signet Loyalty
Client Name: Epsilon
This application reduces the manual efforts in loyalty program and enhance customer 
experience
.
Environment: Asp.Net Core,Oracle,Web Api
Updating existing application.

Company Name : MOBITRAIL(June 2019 - August 2021)
1.Project Name: Channel Partner
Client Name: IIFL
Environment: .Net core, MS-SQL Server,Azure.
Description:
This application is developed in asp.net core, android and iOS for improve productivity of field sales.
Faster customer acquisition and enhanced customer 
experience
.
Application Development.
Creating Web Api and admin panel.
Backend support

2.Project Name : Canara bank loan recovery
Client Name: Canara bank.
Environment: Asp.net , Oracle sql developer.
This application is for loan recovery and vehicle loan developed in Asp.net,Android and iOS.

*
Admin panel and all Rest API's creation of Vehicle loan module.
Changes in existing loan recovery admin module.
Backend Support.

3.Project Name : Vulnerability Management
This application is for managing the applications under security testing in an organization with various
users such as admin, project manager, Infosec head and tester.
Environment: Asp.net MVC,MS-SQL Server.

Development of Application front end and backend process.
Generating the PDF of the vulnerability report .

4.Project Name : Ask Panda
This is chatbot application to give answers of general queries. Services was developed in python and
admin panel for maintaining track of answered and unanswered queries was developed in asp.net.

Environment: .Net MVC,MySql

Developing admin panel for maintaining track of answered and unanswered queries and downloading
the report for same.

5. Project Name : Hopt-In
Client Name: Experian.
This application is for measuring employee performance and the rating in an organization. Developed
in asp.net , Android.
Environment: Asp.net, MS-SQL Server.
Changes in the mobile app login as well as admin panel login.
Resolving the application security issues .
Providing backend support.

6.Project Name: My office buddy
Environment: Asp.net,MS-SQL server
This application is developed for managing the corporate office and to help employees. Developed in
asp.net,android and iOS .

Creating some new modules in admin panel and Web api.

ACADEMIC
 DETAILS:
Passed BSC(Computer Science) with 9.61 CGPA from Mumbai University in 2019.
Passed HSC with 72.46% from Maharashtra State Board in 2016.
Passed SSC with 94.80% from Maharashtra State Board in 2014.

PERSONAL 
SKILLS
:
Quick Learner.
Hard Working/Dedicated.
Like to learn new things.
positive attitude.

PERSONAL DETAILS:
Marital Status : Unmarried.
Date of Birth : 15th may 1998.

Languages
 Known : English, Hindi & Marathi
Address : A-101,saideep apartment, Manvel Pada, Virar(East) PIN-401305.

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that all the above information are true and correct to best of my knowledge.

(Amol Anant Humane)