DINESH RS O F T W A R ET E S TE N G I N E R
A B O U T M E
To secure a challenging role as a QA Engineer in a growth-oriented organization where I can leverage my 3.5 years of 
experience
 in both Manual and Automation testing and database testing. I have expertise in the electricity application and E-commerce domains and a strong command of Rest Assured and BDD frameworks. My goal is to ensure high-quality software products and contribute to the success of the organization.S U M A R Y
As an experienced QA Engineer with 3.5 years of 
experience
 in both Manual and Automation Testing.
Proficient in web automation using Selenium with Java. I have strong 
skills
 in Java programming and object-oriented design, as well as 
experience
 in database management using Oracle/MySQL.
I have expertise in multiple automation frameworks, including Cucumber BDD, TestNG, Junit, and POM, as well as build automation tools like Maven and continuous integration tools like Jenkins.
Experienced in POSTMAN API and proficient in using version control systems like GIT and GitHub.
I have a good understanding of test case design and unit
testing and have performed smoke, sanity, and regression
testing.
Possess good knowledge of SDLC and STLC and am able to analyze API requirements and perform HTTP requests GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, while validating different status codes like 200, 201, 204, 400, etc. based on the API documentation.
I am involved in agile ceremonies such as Scrum, Sprint planning, review, and retrospective and have 
experience
 in delivering reports and execution dashboards.
Strong problem-solving and analytical 
skills
, good communication, and teamwork abilities.
Continuously learning and adapting to new technologies and testing tools to stay ahead of the curve in the industry."
C O N T A C T
dineshravi1510@gmail.com 8838798062
7-127-5, Vijay Nagar, Nall Road, Budalur, Thanjavur-613602
E D U C A T I O N
2013-2016
Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical and Electronics Engineering
Karur College of Engineering
WORK EXPERIENCES
Relevantz Technology, Chennai (Dec 2021- Apr 2023)
TNQ Technologies, Chennai (June 2019- Feb 2021)

EXPERIENCE
 & 
SKILLS

Application Testing Tools :Selenium with Core Java Browsers Tested on :Firefox, Internet Explorer, Chrome
Framework :Cucumber-JUnit, TestNG, POM, Data Driven
Tools :Selenium, GIT, Maven, Postman, SQL
Build Tools :Maven Project Management Tools : JIRA, QAlity Methodology :Agile-Scrum
SCM & CICD :GIT, Jenkins
Operating systems :Windows Family
Domain 
Experience
 :Electricity Application and E-Commerce
PROJECT-II (Electricity Application)
Role: Software Test Engineer, Relevantz Technology, Chennai Duration: Dec 2021- April 2023
The client is one of the leading Electricity Distribution Company in Canada.
The main scope of this application is that it is a leading online Electricity website in Canada.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Participate in Agile ceremonies such as sprint planning, daily stand-up, sprint review and retrospectives.
Mobile testing of the Electricity Application. Prepare automation scripts in selenium with Cucumber.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure the successful delivery of product increments.
Issue resolution: Facilitate team discussions to identify and resolve issues and blockers.
Apply agile principles and methodologies to manage and prioritize product backlog items.
I design and implement automation test scripts for software testing. Lastly, I collaborate with developers to ensure code quality and timely delivery of software releases.
Create and maintain project documentation, including requirements, test plans, and user stories.
Collaborate with developers to ensure code quality and timely delivery of software Configure and customize JIRA workflows, issue types, and dashboards to meet project needs.
Provide support to end-users to troubleshoot and resolve issues related to software products.
Coordinate with development and Business team for Defect resolution. Prepare weekly reports and monthly status reports.
DECLARATIONI hereby declare that the information stated above is true to the best of my knowledge and beliefsDate:Place:DINESH RPROJECT-I (E-COMMERCE)
Role: Software Engineer TNQ Technologies, Chennai
Duration: June 2019- Feb 2021
Armani is a luxury fashion brand that was founded in 1975 by Italian designer Giorgio Armani. The brand is known for its minimalist and sophisticated style, using high-quality materials and exquisite tailoring techniques. Armani offers a wide range of products, including clothing, accessories, eyewear, fragrances, and beauty products. The brand has become a symbol of luxury and elegance, with a strong reputation for quality and craftsmanship.
Develop, maintain, and execute automated test scripts using Selenium WebDriver with Java and TestNG.
Integrate automated tests with Jenkins to run on a continuous integration (CI) pipeline.
Collaborate with developers to create and maintain a repository of automated test scripts in Git.
Design and execute manual tests to ensure full coverage of all requirements and use cases.
Work with product owners to define acceptance criteria and ensure tests cover all scenarios.
Develop and maintain a test plan and test cases that cover both functional and non- functional requirements.
Use Cucumber to write BDD-style automated tests and integrate them into the CI pipeline.
Work with development teams to ensure that defects are properly reported, tracked, and resolved in JIRA.
Collaborate with other QA team members to establish best practices and improve the overall testing process.
Identify areas for process improvement, including automation opportunities, and implement changes to increase efficiency and effectiveness.
DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the information stated above is true to the best of my knowledge and beliefs
Date:
Place: