A.Badhurudeen.M.Com.PGDB
Accountant
43,Ando City,South Palpannai Cherry,
Nagapattinam,Tamil Nadu.
E-mail : badhurudeen_a@yahoo.com
Mobile: 00919136739639

OBJECTIVE

To enhance personal and professional development while consistently making positive Contribution
towards the growth of the organization. Accountant with strong Interpersonal and organizational 
Skills

with a keen ability a variety and responsibilities.
PERSONAL DETAILS:
 Nationality
: Indian
Passport no
: T7448807
Date of Birth
: 10 July 1978/44
Language abilities
: English,Urdu,Hindi, and Tamil
Gender/Marital status
: Male/ Married
 Religion
: Islam
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION :

M.Com Master of commerce from ANNAMALAI UNIVERSITY - Chidambaram Soutnindia

Academic
 year - 2006.
B Com Bachelor Degree of commerce from BHARATHIDASAN UNIVERSITY Trichirappalli south
india 
Academic
 year - 2002.
PGDBF Post Graduate Diploma in Banking Finance from PONDICHERRY UNIVERSITY
Pondicherry 
Academic
 year - 2005.
COMPUTER SKILS:
Diploma in Computer Application CSC Computer, India 
Academic
 Year - 2001
Diploma in Tally. ERP .9 NIIT India 
Academic
 Year - 2014
FoxPro Accounting Software
Book Keeper Accounting Software

WORKING 
EXPERIENCE
:
1. Position
: Accountant
 Duration
: November 2004 - November 2006 ( 2 years)
 Employer
: Delphi TVS Diesel System L T D Company
Chennai - Tamil Nadu
2. Position
: December 2006 - January 2018 ( 12 years)
: Baniyas Building Materials Company LLC
Abu Dhabi UAE
3. Position
: April 2018 - October 2021
: Chennai Tools & Service
Thiruvarur - Tamil Nadu
4. Position
: December 2021 - Till now
: Apm KingStrack Technologies PVT LTD
Duties & Responsibilities:
 Daily Transaction Book Maintenance
 Manual Transaction Received from other Location.
 Verificatiom of Cash Memo,Cash Invoice, Credit Invoice With Computer.
 Maintaining the books of accounts up to finalization.
 Petty Cash Payment Voucher checking and Excel sheet making, I will get approval from
Management making cheque control of company expense.
 Reconciliation of Bank Statement.
 Receipt issue and inventory control of material.
 Bank deposit, payment and reconciliation.
 GST Filing.
 Preparation of month end reports, year end reports.
 Checking the staff attendance report.
 Verification of company vehicle petrol card.
 Control of company vehicle maintenance.
 New account open the computer all suppliers and customer staff related.
 Preparing of monthly staff salary report and deduction of staff loan and add staff over

 Time and other allowance. I will get approval from management after cheque making.
 Verification of stock transfer note.
 Checking local purchase order.
 Checking all company mail forward to related persons.
 Received damaged discount report and posting in account.
 Reconcilation of supplier ledger account and making payment cheque.
 Reconcilation of customer ledger account and collection of outstanding.

 Telephone call attend and received all courier arrange the supplier meeting.
 Preparation of staff leave salary and indemnity.
 Making list renewal of company vehicle insurance.
 Making list renewal of company tenancy contract and staff accommodation.
 Collection of bank documents checking and taking port material.
 Checking all the taxes related documents.
 Correction the ledger accounts.
 Preparation of depreciation statement.
 Making profit & loss report and submit to the manager.
 Responsible for entire accounting / document management and clerical jobs of the Company.
 Recording of expenses & purchase and material delivery.
 Preparation of material received report 
summary
.
 Avoiding outstanding expenses and managing the petty cash.

Declaration ;
I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and
Bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars.

Yours truly,
 A.Badhurudeen