VIVEK V
Mobile: +91 9840740992
Email: mailtovivekv17@gmail.com

EXPERIENCE
 
SUMMARY

About 7+ years of IT 
experience
, in which 6+ years in Automation, Manual, Database, ETL, Webservice testing of Client/server, Windows and Web-based applications, and 1 year of 
experience
 in Web Development.

Experience
 in working in various domains such as Tax, Banking, Insurance, Financial Services, HRIT, and ERP.

Experience
 in Waterfall and Agile 
Projects
 worked very closely with Product owners and Scrum masters in Agile and attended different ceremonies like Sprint Planning, Backlog Grooming, and Sprint Review.
Expertise in understanding Business Requirement Specifications, Functional Specifications, and Design documentation and converting them into Test Scenarios.

Experience
 in Core Java & C#, development by applying different concepts like OOPS concepts, Collections, String, Exception handling, etc.

Experience
 in creating, modifying, and maintaining new and existing Automation Framework Models (BDD, TDD, Hybrid, Keyword, and Data-Driven Frameworks).
Performed Database/Backend testing by writing SQL Queries for data validation and integrity

Experience
 in Testing BI applications using SSRS and Power BI

Experience
 in Testing Time Series Database Server like Honeywell PHD Server, OSI PI Server using OPC UA, and OPC Classic (HDA).
Proven ability in designing and creating automation frameworks using Java & C#, Selenium Web Driver, Junit, TestNG, Maven, ANT, and Jenkins tools.
Working with Unit Test Frameworks like TestNG and NUnit

Experience
 in implementing the Page Object Model (POM) by creating elements for each page object and reusing all the objects in various scripts.

Experience
 in installing and administering version control systems like GIT, SVN, Bitbucket, and ADO Repos.
Worked in DevOps, installing, configuring, and integrating Automation scripts on Continuous Integration tools (CI/CD) like Jenkins and Azure DevOps.
Expertise in using various defect-reporting and defect-tracking tools like JIRA, Testlink, ALM, QTEST, and ADO (Azure DevOps)
Knowledge of various CLOUD-supported authentication systems namely LDAP and SSO.
Have 
Experience
 in AUTOIT to deal with windows-based pop-ups
Working knowledge of DevOps Activities and Microservices.

Experience
 in testing the SharePoint web-based portal and automated those Test cases.

Experience
 in testing the Workday application and automated those Test cases.
Worked on multiple 
projects
, and was extensively involved in User Acceptance Testing (UAT), End to End, System Integration Testing (SIT), Functional Testing, Regression Testing, Validation testing, Backend testing, and Cross-Browser testing.
Good in Web Services Automation tools like HTTP Client, Google GSON, REST Assured, JSON, XML, Swagger, Chrome Rest Client, and POSTMAN
Certified AWS Cloud Practitioner and Microsoft Certified Azure Fundamentals.
TECHNICAL 
SKILLS

Testing tools: Selenium WebDriver, Junit, TestNG, Firebug, Cucumber, JMeter
Web Technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML, JQuery, JSON
Defect Tracking/Test Management Tools: ALM-Tuleap, Azure DevOps (ADO), JIRA, QTest, TestLink
Build Tools: ANT, Maven.

Languages
: Core Java, C#, SQL
CI/CD Tools: Jenkins, Azure DevOps (ADO)
Databases: MS SQL DB
Web Service / SOA Test Tool: Postman, REST Client, Swagger.
Version Control: Subversion, Bitbucket, GIT, ADO Repos
ERP: Workday HCM, Movilizer
Web Deployment Tools: HP Interwoven CMS, Adobe 
Experience
 Manager (AEM)
Other Tools: GT-Metrics, Browser Stack, Log4j, Kana Connect, QfundX
Reporting: SSRS, PowerBI
Security Benchmark: CIS CAT Tool
Historian: Uniformance System Console, PHD Manager Tool, OSI PI, PROSYS, and Matrikon Simulator
Message Queue: RabbitMQ
IDE: Eclipse, Visual Studio

EDUCATION

ANNAMALAI UNIVERSITY, CHENNAI, INDIA MAY 2020
Master of Business Administration (MBA) in Information Systems 72%
ANNA UNIVERSITY, CHENNAI, INDIA MAY 2013
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E) in Computer Science CGPA 6.91
PREVIOUS 
EXPERIENCE

Worked as a Senior Web Developer in Xerago E-Biz Services Pvt. Ltd. from July 2014 to October 2017.
Worked as a Senior Software Engineer in Hexaware Technologies Ltd. from October 2017 to October 2020.
Working as a Senior Software Test Engineer in Concentrix (Prokarma Softech Private Ltd.) from October 2020 - To date
PROJECT 
EXPERIENCE

Project # 1
Client & Project Title: Honeywell & HFIR Testing Approach: ETL and Automation Testing
Role: QA Engineer Duration: Oct 2020 to Present
Responsibilities:
Perform Functional, Data Validation, Integration, Regression, and User Acceptance testing.
Perform data analysis and test by writing SQL queries to generate reports to ensure data integrity and validate business rules.
Set up the Machine and Environment with all the Prerequisites to perform the testing.
Perform the build process manually to the Test Machine and proceed with testing.
I am the only QA responsible for the DWH testing of the product.
Perform Load Testing, Web Service Testing in the project whenever needed.
Performed the Security Assessment in the VM, did the recommendation as per the standards, and performed the testing and validation of the application.
Validating and testing the data in the Reports such as SSRS, Power BI, and Native Dashboards.
Perform the End-to-End testing of the Product covering the Web, Mobile, Cloud, .Net Connector, DB, and Reports.
Perform Simulation of bulk data for testing by Web API or Simulator or Template XL.
Selenium automation script development in Core JAVA based Cucumber BDD Framework.
Enhancing and optimizing the Automation Scripts and Framework.
Reporting and tracking of bugs in JIRA.
Involved in Integration Testing by checking data flow between different modules/Components.
Design, Create, Review, and execution the Testcases.
Integrated, Validated, and Tested the HFIR .Net Connector with Honeywell PHD Server and with OSI PI Server.
Deployed all the new infrastructure, Historians and integrated the data flow, Tested the E2E Enterprise Historian Workflow from Movilizer portal to the target Historian Server (Ph.D. or PI)
Review the Product Documentation and give inputs to the Document Team.
Validated and Tested the Data migration, Data Historize, Archival, and purging with IR DB.
Project # 2
Client & Project Title: Ernst & Young (EY) & EYI My Docs Testing Approach: Automation
Role: QA Automation Engineer Duration: Jan 2020 to Oct 2020
Involved in Sprint Planning, Backlog Grooming, and Retrospective as a part of agile ceremonies.
Provided daily task updates in scrum meetings and participated in regular QA Team meetings and discussions.
Updating the Daily automation status, any challenges faced, and any blockers in the Automation Sync-up meeting and proactively involved in the Defect review meeting.
Involved in Weekly Touchpoint meetings in improving the Automation testing in the project, new ideas to implement, and Overall Automation Project improvement.
Understanding the manual Test cases from ADO and then converting those into Automation Scripts.
Executing the Smoke, Sanity, and Regression Automation test scripts from ADO through Self-hosted agents in the Azure Release pipeline.
Associating the completed Test scripts from VS to ADO and executing those from CI-CD
Configured the GIT into ADO Repos for the Code Check-in and checkout
Involved in implementing the Browser Stack for External users, Automated Test Data Generator, and Parameter at Cloud in the Project.
Project # 3
Client & Project Title: Advance America (AA) & Matrix Automation Testing Approach: Automation
Role: Test Automation Consultant Duration: Apr 2018 to Dec 2019
Designed the Keyword Driven Framework for automating our QfundX Application using Selenium WebDriver, Maven which supports only in IE browser.
Involved in CI/CD Process
Debugging and fixing the issues in Jenkins Job configurations.
Implemented Source Control using Bitbucket.
Scheduled Jenkins job and Monitored Reports on day-to-day activities.
Understanding the manual Testcases and Scenarios and then converting those into Automation Scripts.
Coordinating with a team and helping them resolve the issues whenever required.
Modify and update the Automation Scripts based on the implemented changes that came into effect in the Application.
Enhancing and optimizing the Framework and Automation Scripts regularly.
Preparing the positive scenarios & negative scenarios.
Project # 4
Client & Project Title: American International Group (AIG) & Workday Upgrade
Role: Automation Test Engineer Duration: Oct 2017 to Mar 2018
Understanding the Requirements, Functional Specifications, and Identified Test Scenarios required for testing.
Involved in Sanity, functional, cross-browser, and regression testing using Selenium WebDriver with Java.
Converted Manual Test cases into Automated Scripts which are repetitive.
Participated in client conference calls and updated the status.
Preparing the Test 
summary
 report and sending it to the clients for approval.
Created and executed Selenium WebDriver scripts for functional Testing and Regression Testing.
Involved in interacting with QA manager and QA Lead in identifying Sanity test cases that can be automated.
Involved in writing test scripts with Hybrid, Data-Driven, and Page Object Model Approach using TestNG Frameworks.
DECLARATION
Hereby I declare that all the above-furnished information is authentic to the best of my knowledge.
Place: Chennai VIVEK V