Sensitivity: Internal & Restricted
Manoj Kumar G M
Mobile : +91 9994327091
Email
: kumarmanojgm@gmail.com

Career 
Objective
:

To pursue a challenging career and be a part of progressive organization that will provide
opportunity to enhance my knowledge and utilizing my 
skills
 towards the growth of the
organization.

Experience
 
Summary
:

*
4.3years of 
experience
 in Manual Testing of Web and Mobile Applications.
Expertise in all stages of Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC).
Well versed with various Testing Stages/Levels/Phases, Testing Types, Testing Techniques
and Quality Work Products.

Experience
 in Functional and Non-Functional (Usability and Compatibility) Testing Types.
Hands on 
experience
 in preparing Test cases and Test Data. And executing the same.
Expertise in analysing the results and reporting Suggestions and defect logging and Good
Exposure on Bug Life Cycle.
Good working knowledge in Regression, Unit, ad hoc, happy path, smoke and sanity testing.
I am always eager to acquire new valuable 
skills
 and improving my knowledge.
Effective in working independently and collaboratively in teams

Technical 
Skills
:

Primary 
Skills

: Mobile Testing, Manual Testing, Agile methodology
Data Base
: SQL Server
Tools
: Jira
Devices
: Android, Iphone

Work 
Experience
:

Working with MMAD Apps India Pvt.Ltd, Bengaluru (has outsourcing with Minfy Technologies
Private Limited) as a Test Engineer, from Dec 2018 to Dec 2020

Project: Lead to Order (L2O - Lead identification Generation)
Client : Wipro
The L2O- Lead Identification process details the process of capturing a meeting with a
customer/prospect in an entity "Meeting", its processing - adding 
contact
 details of the
customer/prospect, follow up actions for nurturing the meeting leading up to either creating a lead
or archiving/deleting the meeting (due to no response/inactivity).

Responsibilities:
Analyzing the Requirements from the client
Preparing Test Scenarios, Test Cases & Test Data for manual
Analyzing & executing the test cases
Performing Regression, Retesting, Functional and Device compatibility testing.
Working with schoolcom, Bengaluru- [Educational software delivery company] as Test Engineer,
from Dec 2020 to jan 2023

Project: School Com Smart Tab
Client : SchoolCom
School Com Smart Tab is an Android - Tablet based data capture, Analytic s and messaging
platform that makes measuring student performance and managing day-to- day school activities
easy for teachers, administrators, parents and students.

Writing and Execution of test cases and preparing Bug Reports.
Understanding the Test Plan. Performed Functional & System Testing to check the stability of
the Application.
Executing Test Cases to validate the Functionality and Transactions.
Created and maintained project testing tasks and schedules in an agile environment

Academic
 Qualifications:

MCA (2016-2018) from Sona College of Technology, Salem (Affiliated to Anna University,
Chennai) with 8.9 CGPA.
B.SC (2012-2015) from KSR College of Arts and Science [Autonomous], Salem with 61%
HSC (2012) from Vedha vikas Hr. Sec School, (Tamil Nadu State board) with 53% *
SSLC
(2010) from Vidya vikas Matriculation School, (Matriculation Board) with 55%.

Personal Details:
Name
: Manoj kumar G M
Father's Name
: Murugan G
Gender
: Male
Date of Birth
: 12th July 1994

Languages
 Known
: Tamil, English
Nationality
: Indian
Permanent Address : 12/38, Govindhan Street, 4roads, Arisipalayam, Salem - 636009
Declaration:
I hereby declare that the above furnished information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date:
Yours faithfully