Venkateswarlu Vaka vvenki585@gmail.com Ph: 8096227339 
Summary
 Having 5+ years of 
experience
 in development of windows and web based applications. Having 1 + years of 
experience
 in Conversion and Win batch scripting. 
Experience
 of working on ASP.NET, C#.NET, VB.Net, Angular, WCF and SQL Server. 
Experience
 on backend database programming with Stored Procedures Extensively used ADO.Net and its components like Dataset, Data Adaptor and Data Reader through SQL Data providers to access data from different sources. Having good interpersonal 
skills
 and zeal to learn new things. Technical 
Skills
 Programming 
Languages
 : C#.NET Microsoft Technology : ADO.NET Scripting 
Languages
 : Ajax, Angular , jQuery, Angular js Database : SQL SERVER 2008/2012/2014/2017, My SQL Frameworks : .Net Framework 3.5, 4.0, 4.5, 4.6 & MVC 4, 5 Web Technologies : ASP.NET, HTML5, Bootstrap, Java Script, CSS3 Application Server : IIS Development Tools : Microsoft Visual Studio .Net .NET IDEs : Visual Studio 2012/13/15/17 Educational 
Profile
 . Post Graduation (M.Sc Computers) Distinction from Sri Venkateswara University, Tirupathi. Professional 
Summary
 Currently working in PrimEra Medical Technologies, Hyderabad as a .Net Developer from July-2016 to Till date Professional 
Experience
 TITLE: PMO (Project Management Office) Description: Project Management Office (PMO) supports the project and portfolio management of all the departments within company. The goal of the PMO tool is to provide a standard enterprise approach to identify, prioritize, and successfully manage the execution of initiatives and 
projects
 that are aligned with the goals of company. Responsibilities: Interacting with onsite team on Requirements Analysis, Design, functional & technical specification. Defined the project schedule and timeline for different modules. Guide the team of 3 people to develop the project which includes the all aspects of business requirements. R&D for third party controls like High charts. Coding, testing and Document preparation. Code Reviews ENVIRONMENT: .NET (ASP.NET 4.5 with MVC, Angular 4, JQuery, C#), Web services, Web API, MS SQL 2016, VISUAL STUDIO 2015. TITLE: OPPE (Ongoing Physician Practices Evaluation) Description: OPPE - It is a Physician performance evaluation tool for reviewing their performances by comparing with that of other physicians. This tool is used to generate the performance report cards of all the working Physicians individually. The reports consist of multiple tables each representing a medical practice. The data is represented graphically for better visualization and easy to understand. There are different parameters calculated mathematically for scoring under each column representing the Physician specialty and Physician sub-specialty vs. the actual data fields. These scores are compared with their peers. Key features of the tool are Reports can be downloaded as pdf/excels based on multiple attributes and can be stored in a hierarchical directory structure. Responsibilities: Interacting with onsite team on Requirements Analysis, Design, functional & technical specification. Defined the project schedule and timeline for different modules. Guide the team of 3 people to develop the project which includes the all aspects of business requirements. R&D for third party controls like Google API Charts. Coding, testing and Document preparation. Code Reviews ENVIRONMENT: .NET (ASP.NET 4.5 with MVC, Angular 4, JQuery, C#), Web services, Web API, MS SQL 2016, VISUAL STUDIO 2015. Place : Hyderabad Date : (Venkateswarlu V)