Praveenkumar Kesavan
Praveenkumark4766@gmail.co
m Phone:9734081456.

To work in an environment that provides challenging and rewarding career ensuring a high
Level job satisfaction and to expand my learning, knowledge and 
skills
.

3 years of overall Manual and Automation testing 
experience
.
Expertise in creating scripts in Selenium WebDriver by using Java for automating the Web -
based application.
Having good 
experience
 in automation frameworks - TestNG, Junit, POM, BDD-Cucumber
and
DataDriven frameworks.
Well versed in Test Case Design, Test Execution, Bug tracking and Reporting.
Well Versed with Agile Scrum Methodology and Sprint Activities.

Experience
 in Build Automation tools Maven and its Life Cycle for CLI
Execution. 
Experience
 in Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment
tools Jenkins. Maintaining the checkout and check in the source code from GIT.
Hands on 
experience
 in tracking and reporting of defects using Defect Tracking tool
JIRA.
Expertise in developing BDD scripts using Feature Files by
Cucumber. Worked with apache POI Library to read data from
external source.
Good 
experience
 in writing X-paths dynamically using access method to identify
web elements.
Involved in ceremonies like Daily Scrum call, Sprint planning, Sprint review and
Retrospective. Knowledge over basic SQL queries and also JDBC Connection using Java.
CAREER 
OBJECTIVE

PROFESSIONAL 
EXPERIENCE

TECHNICAL 
SKILLS

Testing
: Java with Selenium Web Driver

Languages

: Core Java
Frameworks
: TestNG, Junit, Cucumber , POM
Build Tool
: Maven
Integration Tool
: Jenkins
Test Management Tool
: JIRA
Process
: Agile
WORK 
EXPERIENCE

Working as Automation Test Engineer in HCL Technologies , Chennai
from 03-06-2019 to till date.

PROJECT HANDLED

Project :Carphonewarehouse
Domain: E-Commerce

 Description:

The Carphone Warehouse Limited was a mobile phone retailer based in London, United Kingdom. In
August 2014 the company became a subsidiary of Currys plc (previously named "Dixons Carphone"),
which was formed by the merger of its former parent Carphone Warehouse Group with Dixons Retail.

Roles & Responsibility:

Analyzing the user stories. Prepared Cucumber Feature Files (user stories) and automated the
Feature files using Selenium WebDriver.
Prepare test scenarios and test data for different user stories.
Prepare automation script for this can be automated.
Test script execution and analyze the failed scenarios.
Participate in scrum ceremonies such as sprint planning, daily scrum meeting, review and
retrospective.
Code check in, check out by using Git Source Management
tool. Defect tracking in Jira and update the daily efforts in Jira.

Analyzing the test scenario and differentiating which can be automated and which cannot be
automated.
Involved in Automation framework using Selenium Web Driver, POM, Cucumber & Maven
build tool.
Preparing automation scripts in selenium web driver with cucumber framework.
Regression test scripts execute in Jenkins and analyze the regression execution report.
Developing BDD tests using cucumber by writing feature files and step definition.
Raise and track defects until closure using
JIRA. Maintain the source code in GIT
repositories.

EDUCATION
 & QUALIFICATION

Graduated in Bachelor of Computer science in Valluvar College OF Science And Management,
Karur, Tamil Nadu from 2016 to 2019.
 DECLARATION

I hereby declare that above information is correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place: Chennai
Date:
(Praveenkumar K)