RESUMERESUMEPersonal Details
NameVivek S
Current Employer Unisys Global Services India
Residential Address M1132, 5th main, vivekanandanagar, Mysore 570023
Phone9341554886 / 9379155522 (mobile)
Personal Mail ID bbsl.vivek@gmail.com
Professional Details
Specialist who can provide expertise in integrated solutions across service management, monitoring and event management, automation, and analytics. The key 
skills
 include Proven background in integrating solutions across ITSM, SNOW monitoring, event management auto ticketing etc., automation. Expertise in administration, implementation, and ongoing support for multiple, IT Infrastructure environments on-premises and cloud, with a mix of monitoring, service management and automation tools. Proven track record of working in a fast - paced environment and demonstrating strong complex problem-solving 
skills
. 
Experience
 in developing requirements document, design documents etc.
Tools capability and knowledge of proficiency in the following toolsets and readiness to learn others quickly, SolarWinds, Nagios, SCOM, and Discovery tools like ADDM, SCCM, etc. Splunk, ELK. Scripting Knowledge: like Python, Power Shell, PERL Implementation, Configuration of monitoring Solution based on Solarwinds, ScienceLogic, BPPM, and Implementation,
Troubleshooting and administration of all above products on UNIX, Windows based hosts in Solarwinds Implementation and configuration of various knowledge modules, Specification and implementation of interfaces to other system management solutions, Life cycle management for all above mentioned products.
Having Educational Qualification Masters from a reputed institution, Good interpersonal and communication skill with Ability to plan and manage own work without supervision Excellent analytical troubleshooting 
skills
 and ability to own problems through to resolution Proven team player, Flexible approach, driven, dedicated and self-motivated, having 14+ years of 
experience
.
Career Chronology:
Year | Company Name | Job Title
06/2008- present | Unisys Global Services India | Enterprise System Analyst in CIS Tools & Automation
03/2007- 05/2008 | Bharat BPO Services Pvt., Ltd. | Team Lead, MIS
06/2000 -03/2007 | Shreyas Software Solutions | Team Manager
02/1996 -04/2000 | Bahari Information Technologies Pvt Ltd. | Branch in charge
07/1994 -02/1996 | Span Computers | Mktg and Tech Exec

Academic
 Background:
M.Sc. in Information Technology
B.Sc., in Information Technology
Three Years Polytechnic Diploma in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering
Advanced Diploma in Computer application and programming
Technical Areas of Competence
Management
Project Management and Implementation, Men management, Transition
Application Software packages
Solar winds, ADDM, Repliweb, SNOW,
Programming 
languages

Data structures with C programming, OOPs with C++, VB 6.0, HTML, Java Script,
Backend:
Oracle 8.0 , MS-SQL Server
Professional 
Experience

Role and 
Achievements
.
a) Working in Unisys Global Services India, since June 2008 to till date as System Analyst in Tools & Automation team
Process Related:
Working on Monitoring toll Solar winds, SNOW,
Manage and monitor client networks, servers, and information technology infrastructure using Solarwinds web-based NPM, SAM, IPAM, NTA, NCM
Provide Solarwinds Operations Support troubleshooting SAM, NCM, IPAM, NPM
Provide Solarwinds Operations Support Solarwinds modules
Co-ordinate & Troubleshoot Solarwinds issues and work with appropriate measures and Client teams until resolution
Working on Incident, Change and Problem Management requests
Understanding the Change requests raised, Prepare IM plan, Start and complete change within change window, reporting the possible impact and risks that are identified.
Work on Incidents and resolve within the SLA
Worked on LANDesk & WSUS to push Patches, push Updated Antivirus packages, OS Deployment, Software packages deployment and distribution, Distributing WSUS updates every month & Trouble shooting
Responsible for acknowledging and resolving incidents
Maintaining on call readiness 24*7
Responsible for quality resolution of the incidents.
Resolve or escalate the incident with proper comment on work log
Deliverables Related
Deliver second level remote hardware and software support services to clients to resolve product use and multi-product/platform problems, and/or questions relating to enterprise systems, networks and application software, as well as desktop applications that are beyond the scope of the client's first level help desk support function. Provides referrals and/or dispatches to other service providers to ensure that client's service level and technical requirements are met. Provides alerts and situation status information to both client and Unisys management. Deliver second level remote hardware and software support services to clients to resolve product use and multi-product/platform problems, and/or questions relating to enterprise systems, networks and application software, as well as desktop applications that are beyond the scope of the client's first level help desk support function. Provides referrals and/or dispatches to other service providers to ensure that client's service level and technical requirements are met. Provides alerts and situation status information to both client and Unisys management
Project Governance
Representing weekly status report, client meetings, CAB Meetings before change implementation.
b) Worked as Team Leader, MIS , at Bharat BPO, Railway Information Center an inbound call center for Indian Railways, in Mysore since March 2007 to May 2008.
Process Related
Involved right from the stage of Project Implementation and Transition
Maintain a team of 25, audit calls, give feedback to the agents
Monitoring calls regularly to ensure SLA,
Maintain Leave and break Management
Interact with client and give updates to the floor for any changes in schedule
Actively participate in the Change Control process.
In charge of 
training
 process, and creating Process documents
Interact with the client to maintain quality and Client satisfaction and Client relationship,
Had close watch on Schedule Adherence, identifying Problem and Change Management.
Conduct monthly account performance review
Representing weekly status report and client meetings
Project Implementation and Transition
Monitoring calls regularly to ensure SLA
Generating MIS reports like Hourly Call report, SLA, Downtime, Staffing, Attendance, Call Disposition, Shift Roster, IVR Reports, Salary advice, Leave management, Break Management,Work force Management like Agent performance, AHT, login logout report
People Effectiveness
Have lead team with a peak size of 25
Select candidates through interview and Trained agents on process
c) Worked as Manager, at Shreyas Software Solutions, Mysore since June 2000 to March 2007.
Develop and maintain a detailed project schedule
Coordinating with client and team
Responsible to track project changes and produce updated
I Was In charge of City Corporations 24 hour HELP LINE.
Represent the firm in client meetings, Understand Clients organizational structure
Responsible to track project changes and procedural updates
Involved in Maintenance of Hardware at Income tax Dept Mysore, (Monitoring servers, Printers, Fire wall, Network, Anti Virus updates, Net backup)
Applying for Govt., tenders, Finalizing 
projects
, Develop and maintain a detailed project schedule and file all project documents (hard and soft copies)
Was Involved in Branch Mechanization of banks like SBM, Vijaya Bank.
Worked as Branch In-charge for 
Training
 centers in Mandya and Mysore for conducting corporate software trainings to State and Central Govt., organizations through Karnataka State Electronics Development Corporation Ltd., owned by Karnataka state Govt
Finalizing the business deal with the clients and singing of order,
Managing men involved in different 
projects
. Managing Teams,
Select candidates through interviewd) Worked as Branch In charge-Software 
Training
 for Bahari Information Technologies Pvt., Ltd., from Feb 1996 to April 2000. Firm involved in Giving Software 
Training
 to the engineering and BSc Students in Software and Hardware.
Complete in charge of day to Day activities like interacting with the students, and faculties
Organize seminars
Coordinating with students, staff and management.
Make the 
training
 center as a profit making center
See to it that the right kind of 
training
 and regular class are conducted
Managing a team of Faculties and Counselors
e) Worked as Senior Marketing and Technical Executive at SPAN Computers Mysore from July 1994 to Feb 1996.
Process Related.
Educating the students about the courses conducted
Organizing corporate trainings
Sell computers and peripherals to corporate sector
RESUME