Ranjith
Mobile:+91 - 8358006359~E-Mail:govrajtech55@gmail.com
Seeking assignments in Software Development with a growth oriented IT organisation.
BRIEF OVERVIEW
A competent professional having 12 years of 
experience
 in Software Development entailing Designing, Programming and Validation, and also having 2 Years of 
experience
 in Technical support Problem solving .Presently associated with Sankara Software Services Private Limited.
Adept in end-to-end development of software products from requirement analysis to system study, designing, coding testing, bug fixing, documentation and implementation.
Comprehensive knowledge in developing complex and diversified 
projects
 in .Net.
Deft at mapping the requirements, custom designing solutions & troubleshooting for complex software & application problems.
Possesses strong 
skills
 in ASP.net,SQL Server, ADO.net,MVC,WCF, Ajax,JavaScript,JQuery, HTML, CSS, Telerik, .NET 4.x Visual Studio 2010&2019, etc.
Having knowledge in React Js, Angular Js
Having 
experience
 in Lead a small size of team
Envisioning usage of new technology and tailoring its usage for achieving desired results.
An effective communicator with exceptional analytical, technical, negotiation and client relationship management 
skills
 with the ability to relate to people at any level of business and management.

ACADEMIC
 CREDENTIALS
2002-2006B.Tech.(I.T) PGP College Of Engineering & Technology, Namakkal, AnnaUniversity.
2000-200112thfrom Government Higher Secondary School,Jalakandapuram, Salem,State Board.
1998-199910thfrom Government Higher Secondary School,Jalakandapuram, Salem.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Technical

Languages
:C# 4.0
Web Technologies:ASP.net, MVC,WCF,xml, Jquery,Java Script, React Js, HTML, CSS, and Telerik
Software Framework:.NET 4.0.
Databases & Data Access:SQL Server, MySql, ADO.net.
Development Tools:Visual Studio 2010.
Functional
Managing requirement gathering, system analysis and finalisation of technical / functional specifications.
Defining best practices for project support and documentation.
Designing, developing, testing, troubleshooting and debugging of the applications.
Providing post-implementation, application maintenance and enhancement support to the client with regard to the product/software application.
Cooperating & communicating with other team members for efficient development work.
Defining suitable methodology to undertake the project with the available inputs for the requisite output.

EMPLOYMENT
 SCAN
Since August2013 with Sankara Software Services Private Limited, as Senior Software Engineer
2012-2013 (Sankara Software Services Merged with Spinach Technologies) as Software Engineer
2007 -2011 Sankara Software Services Private Limited as Software Engineer
Key 
Projects
 Handled:
Title:TOIS - Telemarketing Online Intelligence System
Platform & Tools : React js ,ASP.net, Sql ,Mysql,WCF, xml, Jquery,Java Script,Json, HTML, CSS, and Telerik.
Role: Senior Software Engineer
Period: Mar 2020-. Present
designed to empower end users to easily create, manage, and edit scripts using simple flowcharts with the integration to MS Visio within shortest time frame requiring the least technical knowledge. It includes functionality to create and
PERSONAL VITAE
Date of Birth:31-10-1985.
Address:#58, Senthil Nagar ,Old Perungalathur, Chennai-63.
Linguistics:English and Tamil.
Title:B2C
Platform & Tools : Asp.net, C#, SQL, JavaScript.
Role: Software Engineer.
Period: September 2011 - Oct 2013.
Other 
Projects
 Involved
Title:Time Sheet Management system
Platform & Tools : C#, .Net, SQL Server, CSS.Javascript
Period: August 2007-. August 2008
Overview:-
Time Sheet Management system time tracking software that automates the collection, approval, and reporting of employee work. A user-friendly interface allows employees to conveniently track regular work hours, break time or overtime. Managers can then review the timesheets of their subordinates and easily calculate project hours in a selected period.
Reporting functionality allows you to export selected timesheets to CSV format, in order to integrate data with other applications or create custom reports in Excel.
* Customizable approval process (single approver, two approvers or auto-approved);
* Access management (three levels of users: Employees, Administrators, and Managers);
* Team management (Managers can only see timesheets created by their subordinates);
* Automatic e-mail notifications of approvals and rejections;
* Customizable email templates;
* Cost tracking features
Key Deliverables:-
Study of the functional requirements of the application.
Involved in analysis, Design & Development and unit testing of different modules
Defect Fixes.