BHARATHIRAJA PALANI Email-Id: bharathiraja.k.p101@gmail.com 
Contact
 No: +91 9500854864/919169321470/+1-555-555-5555, +1 914-999-6826  CAREER 
OBJECTIVE
: To become a Part of the growing Organization and apply my Professional, Technical, Managerial and Interpersonal 
Skills
 and thus develop myself and work towards the goal and Vision of the Company. 
PROFILE
 
SUMMARY
: Good Knowledge in C#, Asp.Net, SQL 2008/2012, Oracle 11g/12c/19c. Good Exposure on Stored Procedures, Joins, Views and Functions. Good Exposure on Crystal, Telerik and Tableau Reports. Involved in ERP Development and Implementation on Client Place (On-Site). Activity involved in Coding, Team Lead and Client-Side Implementation. Activity involved in Requirement gathering, Document and Data Model Preparation. Able to handle the Team, work pressure and challenging Task. Good working knowledge on Application Development and ERP Project Life Cycle Process. Employing agile methodology for Project management TFS, Git for version Control to manage the Team. Good Communication and Interpersonal 
Skills
. Good Knowledge on Scrum, Jira Good Knowledge on Bitbucket and Deployment tools like Jenkins, Sophia Server and IIS. Experienced as a Full Stack Developer. PROFESSIONAL 
EXPERIENCE
: Working as a Lead Software Engineer at Virtusa Consulting Services Pvt Ltd., Bengaluru From 27th Sep 2021 to 16th Jan 2024. Worked as a Senior Software Engineer at Metaplore Solutions Pvt Ltd., Chennai From 24th April 2017 to 22nd Sep 2021. Worked as a Software Engineer at Agaram Infotech Pvt Ltd., Chennai From 26th March 2014 to 20th April 2017. EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: B.E-Computer Science and Engineering in I.F.E.T College of Engineering (Anna University) Chennai| 2013 TECHNICAL SKILL SET: Programming 
Languages
 : C#, ASP.Net, Web API, Angular JS,LINQ,MVC, .Net Core. Web Technologies : HTML, JavaScript, jQuery. Databases : SQL Server 2008/2012, Oracle 11g/12c. Reports : Tableau, Crystal Report, Telerik Report. Development Tools : Visual Studio .Net 2019, SQL Developer, Tableau Desktop KEY 
PROJECTS
 UNDERTAKEN: Project Name : SNJ ERP Role : Software Developer Team Size : 10+ Technologies : C#, Asp.Net with Oracle 12c. Project Description: Web Application to develop for Brewage Company Named as SNJ, IT helps to track and maintain record of the company like Planning, Purchase, Production, Sales & Distribution, HRMS, Quality Assurance, Materials Management, Plant Maintenance and Finance etc. Keys Achieved and Responsibility: Worked as developer (Creating Pages, Front-End and Back-End). Used ADO.NET to interact with Database. Design and implement the Telerik and Crystal Reports. Used Java Script Validation for Client-Side Validations. Practically worked with Software Development Life Cycle. Clear Functionality Knowledge. Creation of Schemas objects, rules and granting of roles to the users. Project Name : Dymos T&M Role : Software Developer Team Size : 10+ Technologies : C#, Asp.Net with SQL Server 2008. Project Description: Web Application to develop "Plant Maintenance System" for Dymos Lear Company, IT helps Maintenance Department to Schedule tasks, assigning work, Tracking task status in an efficient way. It will integrate Equipment with Service Engineer, Supplier and the Managers by using a centralized database. One of the biggest challenges for businesses is to manage services in a cost-effective manner. Keys Achieved and Responsibility: Worked as developer (Creating Pages, Front-End and Back-End) Design and implement the Telerik and Crystal Reports. Used Java Script Validation for Client-Side Validations. Clear Functionality Knowledge. Participating in the reviews and meetings with Clients. Document Writing and Data Model Preparation. Implementation on Client Place (On-Site). Project Name : Gamesa T&M Role : Software Developer /Team Lead Team Size : 6+ Technologies : C#, Asp.Net with SQL Server 2008. Project Description: Web Application to develop "Plant Maintenance System" for Gamesa Company, IT helps Maintenance Department to Schedule tasks, assigning work, Tracking task status in an efficient way. It will integrate Equipment with Service Engineer, Supplier and the Managers by using a centralized database. One of the biggest challenges for businesses is to manage services in a cost-effective manner. Keys Achieved and Responsibility: Worked as developer (Creating Pages, Front-End and Back-End Coding). Design and implement the Telerik and Crystal Reports. Handled this project like a Team Leader. Used Java Script Validation for Client-Side Validations. Clear Functionality Knowledge. Participating in the reviews and meetings with Client. Document Writing and Data Model Preparation. Implementation on Client Place (On-Site). To solve issues raised by clients, apply any change request asked by clients. Preparing Daily Status/Bug Reports Project Name : SBC ERP Role : Software Developer Team Size : 10+ Technologies : Asp.net, Angular JS, SQL Server 2008. Project Description: Web Application to develop for Oil and Refinery Company Named as SBC, IT helps to track and maintain record of the company like HRMS, Admin, Finance, Materials-Management, Technical-Maintenance, Tender, Contract etc. Keys Achieved and Responsibility: Worked as developer (Creating Pages, Front-End and Back-End Coding). Design and implement the Telerik and Crystal Reports. Used Java Script Validation for Client-Side Validations. Clear Functionality Knowledge. Understand the Data Model and Create Tables, Views. Participate and communicate with clients in internal meetings. Coordinate with team and deliver the project effectively. Project Name : iTank Depo Role : Senior Software Developer/Team Lead Team Size : 4+ Technologies : Web API, SQL Server 2012 Project Description: Web and Android Application to develop for Logistics Company Named as VS&B Logistics, Application helps to track and maintain record of the logistics process like Gate in, Cleaning and Inspection, Repair Estimate, Repair Approval, Repair Completion and Equipment History, Gate out etc. Keys Achieved and Responsibility: Worked as developer (write a web service for mobile App). Handled this project like a Team Leader. Clear Functionality Knowledge. Participating in the reviews and meetings with Clients. Implementation on Client Place (On-Site). Discuss with clients for complex issues, understanding their requirements. Coordinate with the Android team and deliver the project on date. Project Name : IYYA ERP Role : Senior Software Developer Team Size : 6+ Technologies : Asp.net, C#,LINQ, Web API, SQL Server 2012 Project Description: Web and Android Application to develop for Food Product Company Named as Iyya Foods, Application helps to track and maintain record of the Food Product process like, Purchase Order, Goods Receipt Note, Stock Transfer Indent, Stock Transfer Note, Customer Delivery Note, Invoice Generation etc. Keys Achieved and Responsibility: Worked as developer (Write Web API Services). Clear Functionality Knowledge. Understand the Data Model and Create Tables, Views. To provide better performance to the end user. Project Name : Redington-Website Role : Senior Software Developer Team Size : 2+ Technologies : Asp.net, C#, JavaScript, jQuery, SQL Server 2012 Project Description: To maintain a website for IT Product Company Named as Redington, Application helps to view and maintain the company over all information. This website includes About Us, Core Business, Business Alliances, Investor 
interests
, Careers and 
Contact
 Us and more than pages. Keys Achieved and Responsibility: Worked as a developer (Create pages). Participating in the reviews and meetings with Clients. To solve issues raised by clients, apply any change request asked by client. Preparing Daily Status and Change Request Details. Project Name : Redington-Autodesk Role : Senior Software Developer Team Size : 10+ Technologies : Asp.net MVC, C#, SQL Server 2012 Project Description: To maintain a website for Product distribution Company Named as Redington, Application helps to track the Product distribution details. This application includes PO Details, End Customer details, Order Creation, Order Distribution details. Keys Achieved and Responsibility: Worked as a developer (Create pages). Participating in the reviews and meetings with Clients. To solve issues raised by clients, apply any change request asked by client. Preparing Daily Status and Change Request Details. Communicate with business level people to develop the 
Projects
 Project Name : GTI Request Center Role : Software Developer/Lead Team Size : 7+ Technologies : Asp.net, C#, Web API, Oracle 19c Project Description: Request center is a ticketing tool that processes and catalogs customer service requests. Users can raise a request that deals with incidents, changes, problems and other services. Based on the services it will categorize as 3 parts like End User Services, IT to IT Services, Production Services like. Service has multi-level approval for processing the Request. Every service request will be tracked and mailed to the concerned person. Keys Achieved and Responsibility: Worked as a developer (Create pages). Participating in the reviews and meetings with Clients. To solve issues raised by clients, apply any change request asked by client. Communicate with business level people for develop the 
Projects
. Support the team and solve any critical issues. Deployment of the things through Jenkins as well Sophia Manual and regression testing of the application Involvement in creation and demoing of the requirement in Jira Project Name : Request Data Mart Role : Software Developer/Lead Team Size : 5+ Technologies : Oracle 19c, Tableau Desktop Tool Project Description: Request Data Mart is a Reporting tool to manage the Request Center Application Data. Based on user perspective we have created and categorized the report. Reports have all the Service request details, Approval Role Details. Reports are hosted in Tableau server and users can raise the server access and they can see the Report data. Users can export the Data into CSV or Excel format. That data will be imported into other applications also. Keys Achieved and Responsibility: Worked as developer (Create a Report). Given the Demo to the user and higher-level peoples. Communicate with business level people to develop the Reports. Deployment of the things through Tableau Server. Given immediate fix to Report design or data relevant issue. Involvement in creation and demoing of the requirement in Jira FUNCTIONAL SKILL SET: Ability to handle a team of developers and co-ordinate smooth delivery of the project. Problem solving capability and strong client facing 
skills
. Full involvement in all levels of SDLC Phase right from Requirement gathering, Design, Development, Testing, Deployment, 
Training
 to client and Production Support. SOFT 
SKILLS
: Leadership, Daring, Responsive, Innovative and Ethical. Good Team Player as well as team builder, quality client service techniques, Problem solving, analytical 
skills
. Dealing effectively with highly stressful situations. Keen to learn more technologies, flexible and adaptable to any environment.