RESUME

					
R.Ragu							No.121, West Street,
Contact No:8489427691					Muthalaimeduthittu,	
E-mail:ragummt4144@gmail.com 				Anumanthapuram (Post),
								Sirkali (T.k), Nagai (D.t).
To associate with an organization, which gives me an opportunity to improve my   knowledge, enhance my skills in latest technologies, and be part of the team that works towards growth of the organization as well as my personal growth.




   Company Name          Crown Solutions India Private Limited, Chennai
   Duration                      Aug 2021 to Till now
   Designation                 Business Associate
Worked as a test engineer in TAP Airline project. 
We have performed smoke testing, system testing, integration testing  and complete end to end testing
E2E testing for all sales application. 
Validated API  web services, application backlog and database entry
Reported to client with daily status report
Worked as a test engineer in Lufthansa Airline Altea FM project.
 We have performed functional testing, regression testing and complete end to end testing
Regression testing for all GUI release with PDT and UAT environment. 





  Company Name          Camberwell Technologies, Chennai.
   Duration                      Oct-2018 Up to July-2021
   Designation                 Test Engineer

Good exposure to all stages of Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) and Testing methodologies.
Strong in writing Test Cases and Execute them.
Involved in Bug Life Cycle.
Reporting software Bugs Using Defect Tracking report.
Basic Knowledge in Java concepts.
Knowledge to work with Selenium automation tool.


   Company Name          Telit Solutions Professional & Quality It Solutions, Chennai.
   Duration                      May-2017 up to Feb 2018
   Designation                 Technical Support Engineer Trainee

Assembling and troubleshooting for Desktop and computer hardware components.
Various operating system installations.
System backup and maintenance.
Data recovery.
Responsible for interaction with customers, to ensure service levels.
Installing & adding printers to networks.
Manage day-to-day customers support.
Technical support to client requirement.


Testing Tools: Selenium
Language        : Java







Self-Motivated.
Ability to work in group.
Willingness to learn.
Smart working




DateofBirth	: 28.05.1996

Father’s Name	: P. Rasamani
Languages known: Tamil, English

I hereby declare that the above furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge.
Looking forward to working with you.

Place:									Signature		

Date:										(R.Ragu)