K. Pavan Kumar
Mail ID: Kambalapavan29@gmail.com Mobile No:8125668115

SUMMARY
:
Over 4.8 Years of commendable US Staffing and Technical Recruiting 
experience
 with Contract, Contract to hire and Full-time position.
In depth knowledge of recruiting candidates using major job boards and proven ability to deliver talented consultants for domains like Retail, Product, Telecom, Banking etc.,
Hands on 
experience
 of complete life cycle of IT recruiting process that includes a detailed and thorough understanding of position requirements, searching for consultants, rate and benefit negotiation, coordinating interviews, documentation and offering any other assistance needed for a successful start and completion of a project.
Phenomenal negotiation 
skills
, excellent verbal and written communication 
skills
, presentation 
skills
 and interpersonal 
skills
 with hands on 
experience
 in a team playing, constantly changing and multitasking environment.
Fun and friendly disposition with consultative customer service focus coupled with an influential style to progress tasks forward diplomatically with confidentiality, including culturally diverse environments.
Motivated and independent with managing time, resources, driving processes, troubleshooting urgent time-sensitive requests with quick response to deliver results effectively.
Highly team oriented, receptive to feedback and collaborating with others in developing strategy to approach tasks with a sense of urgency.
TOOLS
Job Boards: Job Diva, Dice, Monster, CareerBuilder, indeed, LinkedIn.
Tax Terms: C2C, W2 and 1099
Visa Status: US Citizens, Green Card, EAD, H1B, TN,
CORE STRENGTHS:
Optimistic
Positive Attitude.
Assertive Thinking.
Good management 
skills
.
Sincere in the work for growth of organization.
Capable of managing to new challenges & environments.
Excellent oral and written communication 
skills
.
TECHNICAL EXPOSURE:
Operating systems known: Windows XP, Windows7 or 8
Packages known : MS-Office, MS-Outlook, MS-Excel.

EDUCATION
:
MBA [2012 - 2014]
B.com Commerce Emeralds Degree College [2009-2012]
PROFESSIONAL 
EXPERIENCE
:
INDUCT SOLUTIONS PVT LTD 2017(Sep)- Present
US IT Recruiter:

Experience
 in US Recruitment with extensive 
experience
 in sourcing, screening, interviewing and placing qualified candidates on IT 
Projects
 at various clients (American Airlines, Comcast, IBM, Iron Mountain, JPMC).
Good 
experience
 in Job diva (ATS) and Fieldglass (VMS).
Worked with NON-IT 
Projects
 Clients (Conduent, SAMSUNG, DXC)
Responsible for the full hiring cycle, including sourcing; pre-screening; negotiating compensation packages and coordinating technical managerial interviews.
Getting the requirements from Account Managers or Business Development managers.
Understanding the requirement and searching for matching resumes.
Working with all consultants such as Citizen, GC, H1B, TN1, H4 EAD, OPT, and EAD's (EAD-GC).
Hands-on 
experience
 in sourcing profiles forms various job portals like Corp-Corp, Monster and Dice.
Extensively worked on IT requirements such as Java, Developer, Java Full Stack Developer, AWS DevOps, Dot Net Developer, Business Analyst, Agile Scrum Master.
Experts in reformatting candidate or consultant resumes according to the client style.
Submitting Resumes to Manager in time.
Acting as a point of 
contact
 to the consultants and the vendors

Training
 new recruits with job activities.
DECLARATION:
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to best of my knowledge and belief.
Location: Bangalore
Place: India