MOHANA B
      Software Developer
Summary
Professional Experience
Experienced software developer with 5 years of experience in managing
databases, 
crafting 
intricate 
queries 
and 
optimizing 
databases
performance. Proficient in developing web application, including creating
custom modules and expertly tackling technical challenges to ensure the
seamless operation of software.
Technical Skill
T-SQL
Oracle
Python
Dot Net
Tableau
Power Bi
Win automation tool
Soft Skill
Data Analysis and Data Visualization
Problem Solving
Teamwork
Leadership
Time Management
Decision making
Multi-tasking
Education Background
Sivakasi (76.5% - Apr 2014)
Bachelors of Engineering (Electronics and
Communication Engineering)– PSR Rengasamy
College of Engineering for Women,
H.S.S – Devangar Girls Higher Sec School,
Aruppukottai (78.75% - Mar 2010)
My Contact
b.mohanabaskar@gmail.com
A4, Sri Arya NLC Apartment,
Kumaran Theater Back side,
Medavakkam,
Chennai-600100
+919600332137
Worked closely with functional team to ensure proper design and
implementation of database systems.
Created Front end and Back End Design based on business
requirements and functional system design.
Collaborated with cross functional teams and clients to understand
the business requirements.
Contributed to the design and development of database systems for
the UAT server, ensuring efficient data storage and retrieval.
Involved in updating procedures, functions, triggers and  packages  
based on  the  change request  of customer and Unit Testing for the
same.
Utilized joins and sub queries to simplify complex queries involving
multiple tables while optimizing procedures and triggers to be used in
the production.
Wrote SQL queries to obtain data from multiple tables to spool into
CSV format and provide extracts to business and users.
Monitored and Troubleshot SQL Server Performance using Query
Blocking and Deadlocking Issues.
Provide database coding to support business applications using  T-
SQL.
Develop & maintain project timelines and facilitate the day-to-day
operational aspects of a project and scope.
Provided  production  support through  monitoring, maintaining and
Job Service management for Email Job  Trigger.
Responsible for resolving any Data issues reported by the business
users and delivering all enhancements as required by business users.
Analyze & translate functional specifications & change requests into
technical specifications.
Designed and developed reports and dashboards using the Power BI
platform.
Managing and resolving end user issues/facilitating application
incident resolution with offshore team.
Managing and providing support for data solutions in business-as-
usual (BAU) scenarios.
Implementation and customization of Odoo ERP solutions using Python
for clients in a range of industries, including manufacturing, retail, and
e-commerce.
Designing and developing new features for existing applications in
Odoo ERP using SQL and Python.
Developing and customizing Odoo modules to address specific
business needs, resulting in improved efficiency and productivity for
the “rebuERP” project.
Roles and responsibilities:
Amitysoft Technologies Pvt Ltd Feb’2020 - Till date 
Designation : Software Developer
Platform : Microsoft SQL Server and Ramco Systems Applications
Technologies used – SQL, Python
SSLC – Government Girls Higher Sec School,
Muthuramalingapuram  (89.6% - Mar 2008)
TRIYAM LLC : Jul’2019 - Dec’2019
 Designation : ETL developer - Healthcare Data Migration / Archival 
Platform : RPA (WinAutomation)
All projects focus on automating the manual process of creating
and extracting Health.
Uploading the extracted Patient documents and testing the same in
Database whether all the
documents are successfully uploaded. 
Preparing Status reports on extracted documents and send it to the
Customer. 
Extracted data from different sources and exported to SQL server
database.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Certificate Course
Python :
Project - The project done on hotel booking systems
provides details of all information related to
bookings and room availability. It’s main purpose is to
reduce manual labor and provide searching
facilities based on various factors such as customer
details and payments.
Power Bi :
Project - Developed Dashboard projects by using SQL  
queries for Eg: 120 years of Olympics details, HR
management systems and Import live data with
SQL queries.
Tableau: 
Project - Developed HR analytics Dashboard project by
using SQL queries.
Dot Net
Oracle SQL
Master’s in Data science from Besant Technologies
Amazon Web Service(AWS)
 
Developing Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers, Views, Tables,
Indexes and other SQL Objects.
Performance Tuning and Query optimization. Provided technical
support from offshore for various customers.
Involved in Technical Impact Analysis for software enhancements.
Responsible for Data health monitoring activities (Analyzing
inconsistent data). 
Ramco Systems :  Feb’2018 - Oct’2018 
Designation : Project Trainee
Platform : Microsoft SQL Server and Ramco Systems Applications.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Supervising the Production activities and Preparation of Production
Planning, Scheduling & Attainment.
Target Seeking Reports with Team people and managing the
Production of Metal Hailed Lamp Manufacturing Unit.
Resource 
Planning, 
Inventory 
Management 
and 
material
reconciliation.
Venture Lighting India Ltd, Chennai : Mar’2015 -Jan’2016
Designation : Trainee Engineer
Roles and Responsibilities: