CURRICULAM VITAE

Name : MURUGAN R
Mobile No : +91-8015397386
E-mail : murugan11022@gmail.com

PROFILE
 
SUMMARY

 Having 2.8 year of 
experience
 in IT industry in the areas of ORACLE
Development and Production support.
 Involved in all
phases of the SDLC (Software Development Life
Cycle) from analysis, design, development, testing, implementation and
maintenance with timely delivery against aggressive deadlines.
 Worked with Views, Materialized Views, Synonyms and Sequences.
 Created Tables, Views, Constraints and Indexes.
 Created Stored Procedures, Functions, Packages and Triggers.
 Worked in writing Complex queries using Analytical Functions, Joins and
Sub Queries in Oracle SQL.
 Skilled in managing banking 
projects
 involving scoping, design, architecture,
sourcing, interacting with the clients & System Engineering Team for
requirement gathering and analysis.
 Capabilities in Performance tuning and query optimization techniques using
Explain Plan, indexing and hints.

TECHNICAL SKILL

Languages
: SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX
Databases: Oracle RDBMS 11g/11g/12c
Development Tools : Oracle SQL Developer, TOAD
Ticketing Tools: JIRA, Rally, ServiceNOW
Other Tools: Putty, Control-M

EDUCATION

B.SC Computer science from Merit Arts and Science college, Tirunelveli in the year
2021.

PROFESSIONAL 
EXPERIENCE

Worked as Software Engineer in Brandwidth Technologies Pvt Ltd ,Bangalore
from May-2021 to till date.

PROJECT 
PROFILE

Project: 1
Title: MERCHANT MANAGER
Role: Oracle PL/SQL Developer

Roles & Responsibility :

 Involving architectural discussions, design, review and delivery of complex
business applications.
 Providing technical consultation to resolve development.
 Preparing and reviewing technical design document and impact analysis
document.
 Reviewing test scenario & case based on requirement and design documents.
 Optimized and modified complex stored procedures, functions and created
objects.
 Directed Performance Tuning for complex queries by using explain plan.
 Managed complete lifecycle covering strategy, requirement analysis, design,
build and test.
 Managing fixing of technical and functional related bugs.

Environment:
 Oracle 11g, SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX, TOAD, Putty, Control-M, ServiceNOW.

Project: 2
Title: RBS

 Involved in the whole life cycle of the project.
 Interacted with clients to understand their requirements and prepared
detailed design document and Impact Analysis document
 Created Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions and Packages.
 Involved in database design, development and Application tuning.
 Enhanced, developed and deployed reports based on new requirements for a
separate module maintaining the standard of the layouts, data model.
 Involved in resolving production problems for the applications and Ensure all
support service level agreements are met.
 UAT and Live support.
 Coordinating the production of monthly, quarterly and annual performance
reports for senior management.

 Oracle 11g, PL/SQL, UNIX, Putty, SQL Developer,

PERSONAL INFORMATION

Contact
 Address:
No.3,Thenmozhi Nagar 3rd Street ,
Keelkattalai, Chennai district.

600117.

I hereby declare that the details given above are true to best of my knowledge and belief.

Place: Chennai.

Signature,

Murugan R