JAYASHREE J 
Mail:jaiyashree0496@gmail.com 
Phone:8148917606 
Profile 
Associate Consultant-QA with 4 years and 3 months of expertise in Retail & Logistics ,Travel and E-
commerce domain. Well-versed with Agile models. Experienced in UI automation testing, API testing. 
Education 
B.E 
Jerusalem college of engineering,Chennai. 
B.E in Computer science and engineering 2014-2018. 
Professional Experience 
Associate Consultant 
Atos Syntel 
Project/Client: FedEX 
Domain: Retail and Logistics 
Description: FedEx Corporation is an American multinational courier delivery services. The Company is 
known for its overnight shipping service, but also for pioneering a system that could track packages and 
provide real-time updates on package location. 
Teamsize-12 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Leading module, understanding & analyzing test requirements. 
Project was automated with Java and Selenium with cucumber framework and API Functional testing 
using Postman and Insomnia. 
Also worked in cucumber framework for fixing the issues in automation suit . 
Participating in all aspects of product testing, including test plan development, execution and delivery 
of well tested solution. 
Creates and maintains ownership of test cases and test results through SDLC, write and execute test 
cases. 
Experience of Manual testing of web application. 
Team communication and customer communication. 
Tools used: Eclipse, Postman, Insomnia, Github, Version one. 
07/2022–Present ,Chennai, India. 
 
 
 
 
Test Engineer 
Ziisoft nano technology 
Project/Client: Kroger 
Domain: E-Commerce 
Description: The Kroger Company, or simply Kroger, is an American retail company that operates (either 
directly or through its subsidiaries[5]) supermarkets and multi-department stores throughout the United 
States.[1][6] 
Founded by Bernard Kroger. 
Team size-8 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
To understand and analyze the testing requirements of the project and analyzing the user stories, 
prepare the test scenario based on acceptance criteria. 
Review the Test scenarios, identifying test cases for manual and automation with Selenium web driver 
and developing BDD tests using Cucumber by writing feature file and Step definition. 
Involved in testing the application utilizing the Scrum (Agile) methodolgy. 
Participated in the all Agile methodology ceremonies -planning daily scrum calls, sprint review and 
sprint retrospective. 
05/2021–06/2022 
Chennai, India 
Test Engineer 
Ziisoft nano Technology 
Project/Client: Sunstate Airlines 
Domain: Travel 
Description: Sunstate Airlines is a subsidiary of Qantas which operates regional flights under the Qantas 
Link banner throughout Queensland, and between Brisbane and Canberra. Its head office is in Bowen 
Hills, Brisbane. 
Teamsize-8 
 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Review the Test scenarios, identifying test cases for manual and automation with Selenium web driver. 
Design and develop automation script in Selenium Web Driver with Test NG framework. 
Project automated with Page Object Model with Selenium Web Driver. 
Regression script execution analyze the result. 
Tools and technologies used: JIRA, Eclipse, GIT. 
03/2019–05/2021 
Chennai, India 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that all the above information furnished about me is true to the best of my knowledge 
and belief. 
Jayashree J 
Chennai