CURRICULUM VITAE

K. Tej Kiran Raju
Email: tejkiran.k@gmail.com
Phone: +91-9848563633
	

CAREER OBJECTIVE 
                   
To work in a challenging environment that will provide opportunities for learning, growth and at the same time enhance my knowledge and develop my communication & technical skills.

SUMMARY
Installation and Upgradation of NMS applications , SolarWinds and Everest.
configuration, management of SolarWinds Modules like NPM, NCM, SAM, and WPM 
Strong technical qualifications primarily in IT Operations, Systems & Network Administration and Infrastructure Support. 
Experience in Network set-up & Management, System Administration including Server Implementation & Administration, Disaster Recovery Management, Technology Support Scripting and Technical troubleshooting.
Working knowledge on Linux, Huawei, HP & Cisco L3 switches, Data Centre management.
Installation and Upgradation of NMS applications, SolarWinds and Everest.
Good communication, analytical, troubleshooting, technical & multitasking skills with good team spirit 
Functioned in ISP domain
Skilled in areas like Change Management, Problem Management related Documentation.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Hexaware Technologies, Chennai   
                                                                         July 2022-Present 
Role : Senior Technical Analyst 
Project : Integrated Digital Monitoring 
Client: Domestic and General 
Location: United Kingdom (UK)


Responsibilities :

Installation and Upgradation of Solar winds Modules like NPM, NCM, SAM, and WPM 
Expertise in Monitoring devices including servers and switches, Creating Reports and scheduling according to business requirement, Configuring Alerts
Creating custom views for users. User access and permission management.
Creating alerts to notify responsible departments in the event of issues related to their systems.
Creating and monitoring  the journey’s via WPM


Atria Convergence Technologies, Hyderabad                               		                                     Feb 2021 – May 2022
Role: Senior Engineer-Network Monitoring System
 
Responsibilities:

Installation and Upgradation of NMS applications whenever necessary.
Expertise in Monitoring devices including servers and switches, Creating Reports and scheduling according to business requirement, Configuring Alerts.
Basic understanding of Orion SAM and subsequent alerts mapping.
Troubleshooting errors and configuration issues on all monitoring devices in the network.
Creating alerts to notify responsible departments in the event of issues related to their systems.
Creating custom views for users. User access and permission management.
Working closely with other departments to provide them with current and historical statistics on their environments.
Creating custom SQL reports.
Managing Network devices through NCM.
Download and Export Configuration files from devices.
Execute command scripts on devices.
Managing the views.
Have knowledge on LAN and WAN Connectivity.
Have knowledge on installation & configuration of CISCO-NCS-5501-SE Cisco-ME3600, 3700 Huawei-S5700 HI, Huawei-S5700 LI
Have knowledge on configuring 802.1QinQ protocol on layer 3 devices
Have knowledge on implementing of layer 2 technologies such as STP, VLAN Trunks, Ether channel, LACP,
Have Knowledge on TCP/IP Model, Routing protocols, Switching, ACL, HSRP.

Monitoring Tools: SolarWinds NPM, NCM and SAM; Check_MK; Everest

Survey Sampling Hyderabad PVT. LTD                                	                       Mar 2017 – 31st Jan 2021
Role: System Support Specialist

Responsibilities:
As System Support Specialist of the Survey Sampling Network Operations Center (NOC), we are responsible for managing and maintaining all critical infrastructure systems and platforms that support the Global Tech Support 24x7 Operations. 
As a NOC Senior Analyst, need to create Monthly, Weekly & Daily Reports, from Solar winds and discusses the alerts which are unmonitored in Solar winds dash board, in daily techops call.
Create a new wizard in Solarwinds as per the other team requirement.
Experience with monitoring tools such as SolarWinds, NAGIOS, Dotcom, Pingdom, Datadog, Splunk Router Dashboard, Jenkins, File Share etc.
Monitor and Provide timely response to all incidents, outages and performance alerts. Categorize issues for escalation to appropriate technical team
Monitor a wide variety of information and network systems that include, but are not limited to telecommunications circuits, LAN/WAN systems, routers, switches, firewalls, VoIP systems, servers, storage, backup, operating systems and core applications
Recognize, identify and prioritize incidents in accordance with customer business requirements, organizational policies and operational impact
Collect and review performance reports for various systems, and report trends in hardware and application performance to assist senior technical personnel to predict future issues or outages
Notify customer and third-party service providers of issues, outages and remediation Status
Gathering required teams and setup War Room call for business impacting issues
Work with internal and external technical and service teams to resolve the issue ASAP.
Support multiple technical teams in 24 x 7 environment operational environments with high uptime requirements.
Raising Trouble Tickets with 3rd party vendors for fault
Perform initial triage and troubleshooting steps by following SOP (Standard Operating Procedures) to determine root cause of alerts generated
Ability to work days, evenings, and weekends as required; 24x7 support

EDUCATION

Master of Science, Quality Management from the University of the West of Scotland UK in the year 2012.

B.Tech (ECE) from VRS & YRN College of Eng. & Tech affiliated to JNTU in the year 2009. 
                                                                                              
PERSONAL DETAILS

	Fathers Name		            :	K. J J Raju
	Date of Birth			:	25-03-1987
	Gender			:	Male
	Marital Status		            :	Married 
                         Hobbies                                  :          Watching Movies
	Languages Known		:          Telugu, English, and Hindi
 Permanent Address		:          Tejkiran.k, H. No: 16-2-67/91, 
C.B.C.I.D Officer’s Colony, Hydernagar,		Hyderabad.                         
						           
                         I do here by state that the above mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.                                                                                       



                                                                                                                              (Tejkiran.k)