2013
2015
2017
S..PREM CHANDER
No.6B, 4th Main Road Gangai Nagar Velacherry Chennai
600042
8220547963 | premsankar8220@gmail.com

Objective
As an diploma graduate I am looking forward to work companies where I can utilize my skills ,learn and
grow professionally and personally
Education
St.Joseph's Higher secondary school
SSLC 
74.2%
Schwartz matriculation Higher secondary school
HSC 
55.58
Mohammed Sathak polytechnic college
Diploma in Electronics communications engineering 
66%
Professional Experience
Experience in working on non compliance and resolving the issues in person and remotely
Responsible for resolving infrastructure group tickets through gsd remedy system
Experience in SSCM and SSCM client troubleshooting.
Experience in multiple antivirus console(mcafee product Cisco amp)
Experience in handling Avecto for crediential previlage to end users.
Involved in deploying patches,updates and software keeping efficient and accurate updated versions
and support.
Responsible for OS upgrade as building the OS images with prerequried applications and deployed
the images to all windows pcs.
Experience in handling tanium client,DLP Cisco amp.
Proficient in handling escalated calls and provided 1st and 2nd Level technical support to end users 
Responsible for patching floor ports and switch rooms.
Involved in refreshing and configuring new machines.
Involved in software application trouble shooting.
Experience in configuring/troubleshooting the software through remote handling.
Involved in OS installations say windows 8/windows 10/windows11.
Involved in configuring and troubleshooting of client mail systems say MS outlook.
Involved in confrigation of VPN client software and Cisco juniper.
Involved in  Bitlocker encryption and recovery. 
Cordinate with vendor for equipment services and replacements.
Debugging/ troubleshoot and repaired computer hardware issues and installed sofware.Created
consolidated  reports for workflow analysis.
March 2019 - December 2021
28/2/2022 - 7/2/2023
Ticketing Tools:
GSD Remedy Tool 
Technical Tools:
Next think
SCCM
MBAM
DLP
Tanium
Antivirus (Mcafee Security Endpoints, Cisco Amp)
MS Office 365.
Active Directory 
MS Exchange 
MSTSC/RDP, WebEx,MS Teams and LogMein.
Experience
Hemsan technology
Desktop support Engineer
Cognizant Technology solutions
IT/Desktop support Engineer
CERTIFICATIONS AND TRAINING
CCNA(200-301)
DECLARATION
I here by declare that above the information furnished by is correct up to my knowledge  and bear the
responsibility  for the correctness of the above mentioned  particulars.