07/2019 - Present
*
07/2017 - 06/2019
06/2013 - 05/2017
10/2019 - Present
03/2020 - Present
07/2020 - Present
Powered by

OBJECTIVE

Looking for a challenging role in a reputable organization to utilize my technical, database, and management 
skills
 for the growth of the
organization as well as to enhance my knowledge about new and emerging trends in the IT sector.

EXPERIENCE

Taramani,Chennai
Software Engineer
Net Access India Limited
Net access is an IT infrastructure services company that develops and provides services to large and small organizations.
I contributed to the development of five 
projects
 using MS SQL.

Experience
 in design, development, maintenance and application support in MS SQL Server.
Involved in requirement gathering, impact analysis, coding, unit testing, UAT, and production deployment activities.
Experienced in creating stored procedures and functions, as well as developing applications using indexes, views,
constraints, triggers, and subqueries.
Involved in data migration and data quality control when loading data from external environments.
Managed a team of four developers to develop application, testing, and web page designs by 30%.
Kanchipuram
Administrator
Rising Stars Mobile india pvt ltd
RSMIPL is a mobile manufacturing company that manufactures mobile devices and sells them around the world.
Responsible for planning employee shifts and salary-related problems.

EDUCATION

BE in Computer Science and Engineering
Adhiparasakthi College of Engineering
I have designed a project for a cloud-based mobile application.
Overall Percentage -62%
Participant in the Anna University Zonal Level Cricket Championship as a runner-up.

PROJECTS

Gate Management System (GMS) for Hatsun Agro Products Ltd
Technology -SQL server 2012
Role - MS SQL Developer/Support
It is a web application for tracking vehicle movement, material movement, and production movement in the milk industry. It includes their tanker or milk
tanker weights synced into SAP Server, employee details based on different levels, and hierarchical mapping. The product type, categories, material
stocks, and price are being managed. Several types of reports have been used to track the production movement, material-wise, vehicle-wise, employee
data, and vendor data.
individual author to access production servers and manage production deployment activities
Integrated Lease Management System(ILMS) for Hatsun Agro Products Ltd
Technology -SQL server 2017
It is a web application integrated with mobile devices for tracking franchising shop owner details, agreement preparation, shop measurement, landlord
bank details, and employee approval mapping. create shops and map them to managers based on area and product. Reports have been used to track
shop owner details, brand-wise details, state-wise details, employee data, and vendor data.
Gate Management System (GMS) for ROCA Parryware
www.enhancv.com
E

q
YUVARAJ A
+91 7871732571
yuvarajrajuvi@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/yuvaraja260719
96
Chennai,Tamil Nadu


04/2021 - Present
04/2023 - Present
Quality Analysis System (QAS) for Hatsun Agro Products Ltd
Sample Milk Testing, Monitoring, and Reporting Tool is a console-based application developed using ASP.NET and SQL Server. The tool is used for
various types of production milk testing, stock monitoring, and employee-level access to test samples. Several hierarchical reports are generated to
analyze the sample in different dimensions.
Boom Barrier for Hatsun Agro Products Ltd
It is a console-based application developed using ASP.NET and SQL Server. The tool is used for automatic gate open and close using vehicle fast tag and
sensors. And tracking gate in time, out time of the fast tag registered vehicles.

SKILLS

MS SQL(SSMS)
SSIS
Generate SQL Scripts
Application Support
Production Deployments
DB Backup and Restore
Manual Testing
Data Migration
Project management
Jira
ECTS(Ticket Tracking and Logging)