CURRICULUM VITAE 
 
Milton Jesu Rajan 
Software Test Analyst 
Email: jesumilton3@gmail.com 
+91- 8072322102 
 
 
OBJECTIVE 
 
 To be involved in a job in which I can make use of my skills with creativity and teamwork that 
effectively leads to the growth of the organization. 
 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
 
 Engineering Professional having about 4.3 years of Experience in both Manual Testing and 
Automation Testing. 
 Experience in Test Automation Tool Selenium. 
 Proficient Knowledge of Selenium Web-Driver, and TestNG Framework. 
 Well-versed with Handling Elements in Selenium Web Driver. 
 Writing Test cases using Element locators, Web Driver methods, Java programming features, TestNG 
Framework, and Annotations. 
 Converting Manual Test Cases in Automation scripts. 
 Executing Selenium Test Cases and reporting defects. 
 Experience in data-driven Testing and Parallel Test execution using Selenium Web Driver, and 
TestNG. 
 Familiar with Rest Assured API testing and checking Response JSON 
 Familiar with Programming Fundamentals (Structured Programming and Object-Oriented 
Programming). 
 Expertise in Bug Reporting and Tracking using the Bug tracking tool “Click Up”.  
 Knowledge in testing both Mobile and Web Based Applications 
 Familiar with Executing SQL Queries and checking the values in DB with View 
 Familiar with Checking API Responses with SOAP API 
 Understanding, Analyzing, and Streamlining Test Requirements. 
 Familiar with Functional and Non-functional Testing. 
 Knowledge of different Levels of Testing (Unit Testing, Integration Testing, System Testing, and 
Acceptance Testing). 
 Familiar with all phases of the Software Test Life Cycle. 
 Well-versed with Test Documentation (Test Scenario, Test Case, Test Data, Defect Report). 
 Excellent Communication, Interpersonal Skills. Quick Learner, versatile, adaptable, and process-
oriented with high customer orientation.  
 Familiar with Industry Quality Standards like ISO, CMM/CMMI, and IEEE. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EDUCATION 
Educational 
Qualification 
 
ME-Power Electronics and Drives DMI College of Engineering, Chennai 2014  
 
B.E - Electrical and Electronics Engineering  J.P. College of Engineering, Agarakattu 2012  
 
Diploma- Electrical and Electronics Engineering  A.S.A Polytechnic College, Tenkasi - 2009  
 
H.S.C- Nehru Higher Secondary School, Tenkasi - 2006 
 
S.S.L.C- Punitha Arulanandar High School, Agarakattu - 2004 
Work 
Experience: 
 
Currently working as a Test Analyst in Twinkle Software Solutions Pvt Ltd, Chennai, and 
Tamilnadu from Nov’2021 to Till Date. 
 
Software Test Engineer in Lan-Pack Global Technologies Chennai (Jul 2019 to Oct 2021). 
 Assistant Professor in the ECE Department at DMI College of Engineering 
Palanchur, Chennai (June 2014 to April 2019). 
Software 
Skills 
 
Languages                                    : 
Java, HTML, and JavaScript 
Databases                                     : 
MS Access, SQL Server, and MYSQL     
Automated Testing Tools            : 
Eclipse, Selenium Web driver, and TestNG 
Test Management Tools              :     
Click Up 
Bug Tracking Tools                     :  
Click Up, Google Excel, Skype 
Tools & Utilities                          :   
Ms-Office, Outlook Express 
Web Technologies                       : 
HTML, XML, CSS 
Awards and 
Achievements 
Awarded Star Performer and Best Team of the Year Cash award in Twinkle Software Solutions 
Pvt Ltd 
 
PROFILE 
Project Title 1: NHIS 
 Client: WHO (PNG Government) 
 Worked in Selenium Web Driver Automation Tool 
 Application Environment: Windows 7, Java, Eclipse, and SQL 
 Testing Method: Automation and Manual Testing 
 Role:  Test Analyst 
Project Description: 
  
NHIS is mainly known as the National Health Information System provides the underpinnings for decision-
making and has four key functions: data generation, compilation, analysis and synthesis, and communication and 
use. Our health information system collects data from the health sector and other relevant sectors, analyses the data 
to ensure their overall quality, relevance, and timeliness, and converts data into information for health-related 
decision-making. Our Health information systems serve multiple users and a wide array of purposes that can be 
summarized as the generation of information to enable decision-makers at all levels of the health system to identify 
problems and needs, make evidence-based decisions on health policy, and allocate scarce resources optimally. Data 
from different sources are used for multiple purposes at different levels of the healthcare system., We can use both 
the Web Portal and Android Application of NHIS to view and make entries of Health Centre records of all kinds of 
Diseases in both a daily and Monthly basis and also can visualize data as Dashboards, Graphs, and in the form of 
Reports 
Responsibilities: 
● Designed test scripts using Selenium Web Driver 
● Involved in Data driven testing using the POM framework 
● Involved in the creation of a Test plan and responsible for creating test cases from Functional 
Requirements. 
● Involved in Automation environment setup using Eclipse, Java, and Selenium Web Driver. 
● Used TestNG Framework for writing Test cases. 
● Analyzing the Manual test cases for the feasibility of Automation in the Regression phase. 
● Create manual test cases and report bugs with JIRA 
● Execute SQL Queries and cross-check the values in DB with View 
● Cross Check API response of JSON using SOAP UI and also using Rest Assured API Web Service 
● Perform Unit Testing, Integration Testing, System Testing, and User Acceptance Testing 
 
Project Title 2:  MRL Fingerprint Verification 
 Client: Mineral Resources Lihir Ltd (PNG Government) 
 Application Environment: Windows 7, JIRA, Microsoft Excel, Fingerprint Device and SQL 
 Testing Method: Manual Testing 
 Role: Test Analyst 
Project Description:  
            MRL is an application mainly used by MRL Capital, which is the trustee of the Lihirians equity trust whose 
assets now comprise proceeds of the sale of shares held for the Lihirians in the then Lihir Gold Ltd. Soipang said 
these proceeds have been invested in real estate, trading shares, and other liquid assets in Papua New Guinea and 
Australia. They have used this for the Registration purpose of Landowners to invest in Trade or any Real Estate and 
also to Verify and authenticate the particulars of the individuals during their revisit. For Registration, We can use 
both the Web Portal and Android Application, but for Verification, we can use only the Android Application to 
assist with third-party fingerprint devices. 
Responsibilities: 
● Understand the user requirements using the SRS Document. 
● Create manual test cases and report bugs with JIRA 
● Understanding the test plan and identifying the scenario based on the requirements.  
●  Performed Functionality, Re-Testing, and Regression Testing.  
●  Designing and developing Test Cases based on functional requirements.   
● Write test cases and be involved in the Execution of Test cases.  
●  Logged the bugs into Bugzilla and shared them with the production team.  
● Providing knowledge transfer to team members regarding the flow of execution 
● Sending reports on a daily, weekly, and monthly basis. 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:  
Place: Chennai 
                                                                                                                           MILTON JESU RAJAN