AROCKIYARAJ D.J.
QA Analysist 							Mobile No: 	:7904547562
E-mail ID	: arockiyarajjoseph1125@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE 

Detail-oriented and highly skilled software testing professional with 4 years of experience in manual and automated testing. Seeking a challenging software testing role in a dynamic organization to leverage my expertise in test planning, execution, and defect identification to ensure the delivery of high-quality software products. Committed to improving testing processes and contributing to the overall success of the software development team.

Professional Summary:
Overall 4 years of industry experience in the area of Manual Testing and Automation testing with a solid understanding of Test Planning, Test Design, Test Execution and Defect Reporting & Tracking.
Expertise in Understanding and Analyzing Test Requirements, Tracking changes and maintenance of Test Requirements.
Well acquainted with all phases of SDLC and STLC.
Proficient in Test Automation using Selenium Tools.
Strong Experience in Automating Web Application Testing using Selenium WebDriver with Cucumber framework.
Strong Experience in Java Programming, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber.
Well versed with Handling Elements in Selenium WebDriver.
Writing Test cases using Element locators, WebDriver methods, Java programming basics and features.
Executing Selenium Test Cases and Reporting defects.
Experience in Data driven Testing, Parallel Test execution using Selenium WebDriver.
Expertise in implementation of Automation framework using Selenium.
Involvement in Test Estimations and Test strategy implementation.
Proficient in devising all the artifacts of testing such as Test Scenarios, Test Cases, Defect Reports and Test Summary Report
Self-motivated, energetic and highly ethical in all work-related assignments thus able to immediately contribute to corporate goals and objects
Good written, communication, interpersonal skills, proven team player with an analytical mind bent to problem solving and delivering solutions.
Extensively worked on Agile development and management process.
Performed Smoke Testing, Sanity Testing, Integration Testing, and Regression Testing at various phases of the development and test cycles.

EDUCATIONAL HISTORY:
B. TECH Information Technology (Hindustan Institute of Technology)
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 
Organization		: CJK Knowledgeworks Global India Private Ltd
Project			: SmartTrack
Position		: QA Analysist
Roles and responsibilities:
Understanding client requirement and testing based on their requirements.
Identifying test scenarios for automation scripts.
Prepared test scripts and execute test scripts using Selenium.
Investigated problems found during testing and effective solutions.
Involved in Smoke testing, Sanity testing, Regression testing and User acceptance testing the defects in JIRA
Logged the defects in JIRA in order to perform Defect Life Cycle/Bug Life Cycle.
Take part-in daily Scrum meetings and worked on Agile Methodology.
Followed Agile/Scrum Methodologies for all of the project activities.
In Agile environment, attended daily stand up meetings, user stories grooming sessions and team retrospectives.
Designed and Developed Test plan and test scripts based on BRD and User Stories.
Understanding client requirement and testing based on their requirements.
Performing testing on the application based on the requirement.
Experience of testing within an Agile environment, adapting quickly to changing situations.
Experience working with JIRA, bug and project tracking tools.
Create test plan and test cases and generates report.
Reviewing the test cases based on Requirements.
Responsible in supporting quality related activities.
Coordinating with Development and Business team for Defect resolution.
Maintaining daily status reports on test execution for the respective module.
Client call interaction for best understanding.
Worked with Postman for API testing.
Reviewing the Test Cases Prepared by the Team Members.
Used JAVA singleton technique to create Frameworks.
Extensively used JAVA OOP’s concepts for developing Automation Frameworks using Eclipse, Maven, Selenium WebDriver and Cucumber.
Created various generic methods for capturing SCREENSHOT, sending E-MAIL, reading and writing EXCEL file.
Monitor the Test Execution Progress and Manage the Issues during Test Execution.
Co-ordinate/Delegating the task(s) to the team members.
Owned and maintained all the testing documents/deliverables in configuration management tool.
Involved in identifying business components and creating test suites for regression and integration testing. 
Involving in Daily stand-ups.
Prepared Detailed Test summary report to Project owners at the end of every release. 


TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Testing Tools			: Selenium WebDriver
Version Control Tool		: GIT
Dependency Management Tool	: Maven
Testing Framework			: Cucumber, J-Unit, POM
Project and Bug Tracking Tools	: JIRA
Programming Languages		: Core Java
CI/CDTools			: Jenkins



AREAS OF EXPERTISE:
Test Estimates & Test Plan – Creation
Agile methodology

Codemantra (2017–2019)
Worked as “Technical Editor (XML)” at Codemantra with around experience of 2 years.
Lumina Datamatics Ltd. (2015–2017)
Worked as “Technical Editor (XML)” at Lumina Datamatics Ltd. with around experience of 3 years.
Scientific Publishing Services Pvt Ltd. (2013–2015)
Worked as “Technical Editor (XML)” at Scientific Publishing Services Pvt Ltd. with around experience of 1.5 years.
Declaration: 
I hereby confirm that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
Place: Chennai 									 Yours Sincerely
D.J. Arockiyaraj