Name: G Ramakrishna
Designation: Security Analyst
Mobile No: +9193474 22714
Email:garapatirk87@gmail.com

Profile
 
Summary

SIEM

of work 
experience
 in Security Operations Center (SOC) with
demonstrated 
skills
 in Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) which include Security
Monitoring, Log Analysis, Deep Investigations on potential security events, Malware Analysis, Threat
Identification and Mitigation.

VULNERABILITY MANAGEMENT
Qualys VM-Primary tasks include Creating Sites, Asset groups and perform Scheduled and adhoc
scans for multiple client servers, sites, IP's. Finding vulnerabilities and send to respective team to
remediate/fix the issue.
Technical report generation for the scans completed. Preparing management report for specific clients.
Work on with basic troubleshooting techniques for the IP's failed to scan.
Perform vulnerability scans, both scheduled & on ad-hoc requests from the customers & follow the VM
life cycle/calendar.
Coordinate with technology towers for the issue remediation and suggesting control measure to avoid
the same in future.
Reaching out to server owner to check if latest patches are updated if the signatures are detected,
sharing Reports with clients.

FIREWALLS
Palo Alto - 
Experience
 in Monitoring Firewall Traffic for Packet level Analysis to identify threats
lurking on the Networks.
Phish box Monitoring & checking URLs and IP Addresses for their reputation.
Blocking the suspicious Links, Hyperlinks and their redirections & also verifying traffic to know which
application is accessing the URL.

SOC ENVIRONMENT
Worked on Threat Intelligence framework to alert clients on - latest and ongoing attacks,
emergency and scheduled patch releases from different vendors and security news.
Worked on Security governance and compliance, dealt with user access review, approvalsand auditing's
with respective compliant frame work, Good understanding of Networking Concepts, TCP/IP Protocol
Suite, OSI Model and Network devices like Switches, Routers, Bridges, Repeaters etc.
Handled Security Incident Management from start to the end over multiple suspected and
identified attacks in the network, Phishing attacks etc.

Work 
Experience

SECURITY ANALYST | SLIDO
 Working as a Security Analyst at SLIDO from April 2019 to till date.
 Worked as a Security Analyst at Luxus India Pvt Ltd from May 2018 to March 2019.
 Worked as a System Administrator at Luxus India Pvt Ltd from June 2012 to March 2018.
Roles & Responsibilities

SECURITY INFORMATION & EVENT MANAGEMENT | IBM QRADAR SIEM
Monitoring, investigating and kicking off incident management for Offences/Alerts triggered on the
console.
Creation and modification of QRadar Dashboards for a quick sneak peek into malicious activities.
Generating custom and scheduled Reports based on client requirements.
User Behavior Analytics monitoring to identifyInsiderThreats.

Experience
 in working with Filters, Searches for investigating Historical Events.
Integrationof new Log Sources into the SIEM Solution.
Troubleshooting of Log Sources that don't generate Logs into QRadar post integration.
Identifying and designing the use cases that address specific enterprise needs.
Evaluate existing standard content like use cases & fine tune to meet enterprise goals.
Perform Health Checks of SIEM Tool and make sure it's up and running on alloccasions.
Add and maintain SIEM users and permissions.

Skillset | Tools & Technology

Security Information & Event Management-IBM QRadar Solution.
Vulnerability Management-Qualys Guard (On-prem& CA).
Intrusion Detection & Prevention Systems-Trend Micro Tipping Point.
Firewall & Web Content Filtering-Palo Alto Networks.
Threat Intelligence Platforms-Bright Cloud, IP Void, MX Toolbox, Virus Total, IBM X-Force
etc.
User Behaviour Analytics - IBM UBA Tool.
Report creation - PowerPoint, Excel, Word etc using Microsoft Office suite.

Education

 Graduation in B.Sc Computer Science from Aditya Degree College affiliated to Andhra University,
Rajahmundry in 2007
 Intermediate (MPC) from Sir Arthur Cotton Junior College, Rajahmundry in 2004
 SSC from Z.P.H school, Rangampeta in 2002

Interests
 & 
Hobbies

Keeping myself abreast of modern-day Security Attacks and Cyber Crime and following the mitigative
plans and best practices.
Love to involve in Group Discussions on today's Security Posture, attend Session sand Open Mics to
understand and deploy new processes.
Active member inTeamParties & Outings!!
Declaration

I hereby declare that all the details furnished in this document are true to the best of my knowledge..!

G. RamaKrishna