Executive Summary  
An overall experience of 8 years 10 months in .NET development. Currently working in Innova solutions as Senior software developer and previously worked as projects- Associate at Cognizant, Chennai. 
Core Strength in the area of Requirement analysis, Design and development of the modules understands the Client needs to build strategic partnerships between the stakeholders involved in the project. 
Excellent analytic, technical, & leadership qualities. Handled two members’ team and responsible for deployment. 
Worked on production support with clients through text and voice for the development projects. 
 
Professional Certifications:  
Passed Microsoft Certification Professional Exam titled as “Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0 – Web Based Client Development”.  
Completed a course titled as “Developing Web Applications using ASP.NET” and found my performance to be Excellent and the certification approved by The Academic Council of NIIT. 
Areas of exposure and expertise:  
Technologies: ASP.NET MVC, C#, ANGULAR 7, WEB API, JQUERY, JAVASCRIPT, WCF, ENTITY FRAMEWORK 
Databases: MS SQL SERVER  
Deployment: TFS build and release management 
Education   
MCA from Anna University, Coimbatore, India in 2010 with 84.9%. 
B. Sc (Mathematics) from Periyar University, Tamilnadu, India 2007 with 75.75%. 
Trainings attended  
• I have attended a corporate training on Automation Anywhere 10.2.0 automation tool for 2 months in cognizant and done some test projects. 
 
Professional Experience   
  
  
Project Experience:  
Innova solutions India Pvt.Ltd.  	  	  	  	                                                Sep’2019 to till date  

Project Name: Dental Connect Plus
Project Description: Dental connect plus is an application to add corporation, location and its providers information. Feeding the data from MetLife to our application and they can manipulate the data based on their credentials. The modified data are sent back to us with the feed files daily. 
Duration: Sep 2019 to till date
About Client: MetLife
Project Role: Web Developer  
Environments: ASP.NET MVC, C#, WEB API, PostgreSQL

  
Cognizant India Pvt.Ltd.  	  	  	  	                                                Dec’2016 to till date  

Project Name: Re-insurance Work Bench  
Project Description: Re-insurance workbench is a responsive web application to interaction with under writer and he/she can create workflows and manage documents. 
Duration: Jan 2019 to Sep 2019
About Client: AXA XL is a subsidiary of global insurance and reinsurance company AXA. It is co-headquartered in Hamilton, Bermuda, and Stamford, Connecticut, United States, and has more than 100 offices on 6 continents.
Project Role: Angular Developer  
Environments: ANGULAR 7, ASP.NET MVC, C#, WEB API, MS SQL Server

Project Name: ReCAP    
Project Description: ReCAP is a responsive web application to view the client performance, analytics dashboard and Qlik sense reports.
Duration: Jan 2018 to Dec 2018
About Client: AXA XL 
Project Role: .NET Developer  
Environments: ASP.NET MVC, C#, WEB API, MS SQL Server
Project Name: Loanliner.com    
Project Description: Projects are upgraded to 4.6 in order to support SQL Encryption which involves column Encryption. The projects are deployed using TFS build and release management in order to remove old deployment method using DCS. 
Duration: April 2017 to Dec 2017
About Client: CUNA Mutual Group is a mutual insurance company that provides financial services to cooperatives, credit unions, their members, and other customers worldwide. It sells commercial and consumer insurance and protection products. 
Project Role: .NET Developer  
Environments: ASP.NET MVC, C#, MS SQL Server, Entity Framework 6, LINQ, TFS Build and Release.  
  

Project Responsibilities:   
Upgraded the .NET framework and entity framework.  
Implemented the column encryption in database level and application level.  
Created the build & release for the projects and deployed in difference environments. 
Handling the Reporting issues.  
Involving in monitoring logs and production support issues.  
  
Training:   Automation Anywhere 10.2.0 
Period:      December 5th, 2016 to March 30th, 2017 
Roles and responsibilities: Analyzing the process requirements, automating the process and bug fixing 
 
  
Alten Calsoftlabs (India) Private limited, Chennai 	 	 	Feb’2014 to Dec’2016  
  
Project Name: Healthland - Centriq  

Project Description: It is a health care project for hospital maintenance. It includes the maintenance of Emergency department, clinic, and HR maintenance. In this project, hospital providers can handle and manipulate the information from patient admission to discharge and home medication. Implemented the HL7 concepts and involved in MU certifications. 
Duration: Feb’2014 to Dec’2016  
About Client: Healthland, Inc. provides healthcare information systems for rural and critical access hospitals in the United States. It develops electronic health record solutions for rural hospitals. The company’s software and services help customers to share patient information across care settings to coordinate treatment, improve patient outcomes, and drive patient satisfaction.  
Project Role: Senior software engineer  
Environments: ASP.NET MVC 5, WCF, AJAX, C#, MS SQL 2005, JQuery, WEBAPI.  
  
Project Responsibilities:   
Analyzing the functional specification document to understand the business requirements which is provided by the clients.  
Development of sub modules of Lab and pharmacy.  
Analyzing & developing High Level Design Documents and Low-Level Design Documents.  
Involved in database design and stored procedure performance improvement.  
Involving in Production support issues and discussion with clients for incidents as well as tasks.  
Involving in Peer review & UAT testing.  
  
Flexorbits web solutions private limited, Chennai 	 	 	 	Mar’2011 to Feb’2014  
 
Project Name: Constant-Relationship.  
Project Description: Constant- Relationship is a connection tool to establish the CRM between insurance agents and clients. Using this product, the client used to send the information regarding their plans in their Insurance Product. This application consists of six modules are Address book, Group Emailer & individual Emailer, Auto E-mailer, History, Manager Statistics, Admin controls, Market Evaluator. 
Duration: Mar’2011 to Feb’2014 
About Client: Identity branding is the company providing the CRM with insurance agent and client.  
Project Role: .NET Developer  
 
Project Responsibilities:   
Involved in project estimation, technical writing, and database design, stored procedures, performance tuning and writing WCF service for client application. 
Integrated the codes from local server to staging and production server. 
Involved in online support for the client.  

Declaration:

I hereby declare that all the details given above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place: Chennai                                                         			     		
Date:                                                                                            			(Arun Mathiyalagan)