VISVA KIRUTHIKA.M
(visvakiruthika.2011.b.e@gmail.com)
Phone: +91 9003125140

OBJECTIVE:
                                    
         	To pursue a challenging, innovative career in the IT industry that utilizes all my skills and to standout as an indispensable individual to the organization.

	PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
	
3 Years of experience as Software Engineer in web application development.
Experience in .NET 4.5/4.0, C#.NET, AJAX, WCF,  LINQ, SQL Server 2008R2/2014, Visual Studio 2010/2013.
Domain knowledge in Health care.
Experience in writing SQL queries, LINQ Queries.
Experience in developing applications using ASP.NET MVC, LINQ ,WCF and Entity Framework.
Having good problem solving and analytic skills, highly motivated, quick learner.
Involved in development, Testing, Documentation of Web Applications and related process.
Flexible and versatile to adapt to any new environment, work on any project to work well in both team environment and individual environment.
Good work ethics with excellent communication and interpersonal skills.

SOFTWARE SKILLS:

Programming Languages: C#.NET
Mark-up/Scripting Languages: HTML, CSS , JavaScript and jQuery 
Framework /Architecture: .NET Framework 4.0/4.5
Databases: MS SQL Server 2008 R2 /2014
Data Access Technologies  :  LINQ and Entity Framework
Web Development: ASP.NET MVC 5, WCF and AJAX
Version Control: Team Foundation Server (TFS)
Third Party: Telerik controls
Other Skills: Requirement Analysis, Documentation (Detailed Design Document and Unit Test Case document),Code Review and Testing 

EXPERIENCE:

Currently working in Blue Marble Smartware Pvt. Ltd.  As a Software Engineer from May 2014 – Till date.






PROJECT SUMMARY:

GST(Costing & Finance Module)

	GST   is a customized taxation software project developed by Web application. It is designed to meet GST taxation standards. 
	
CONTRIBUTION:
Development of the modules as given in the design specification with controls
Ensure Data integrity of reporting is in place with session controls and validations at each module

 
BluAvantage(Benefits Administration System)

	BluAvantage is a generic customized administrative software project developed by Web application. It is designed to meet Welfare & Benefit administration of self-insured funds in U.S. 
	It deals with various modules like Employers, Members, Eligibility, Vacation, Pension, Health Claims and Payments. Each module has its own functional specification. The system is implemented in multiple clients.

CONTRIBUTION:

Development of the modules as given in the design specification with controls
Ensure Data integrity of reporting is in place with session controls and validations at each module



ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD  (Product)
                                                                                                                          
      EHR is an intuitively-designed full-service health information system that supports hospitals and independent practitioners with the best technology so they can succeed in delivering the best care for the patient. 
	The system improves patient service by driving connectivity, adaptability and interoperability between patients, doctors and the practice in a secure manner. This leads to better coordination and better decision-making, resulting in better care for the patient, better encounters for the physician and better value for the practice. 	
	The features are Fully integrated EHR product comes with Practice Management, Provider / Patient Portal, Health Analytics & Informatics, eRX, ICD 9 to 10 and Revenue Cycle Management; Easily connects all major labs to view and receive lab results, Integrated work flow with Provider – Patient – Practice process enabling care coordination ,extended care management for improved patient care, Compliance to HIPAA and other government guidelines


CONTRIBUTION:

Requirement Analysis / walk through on the production defects.
Developed application in ASP .NET MVC with C#
Handled code review and unit testing
Design of the Test Plan and Test Strategy documents.
Execution of test cases
Record and maintain test logs
Prepare daily and weekly status reports 
Evidence walk through with Business Analyst

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:

B.E(Computer Science and Engineering) from Trichy Engineering College affiliated to Anna University of Technology, Thiruchirappalli in 2011 with 75%
H.S.C from St. James. Matric Higher Secondary School, Trichy in 2007 with 75.42%.
SSLC Matric from St. James. Matric Higher Secondary School, Trichy in 2007 with 82.18%.

 DECLARATION:

Hereby, I acknowledge that the above furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.


Chennai									Visva Kiruthika.M