1
Mobile: +14088321899E-Mail: Malini.S1@gmail.com
Brief 
Profile

3 years of 
experience
 in web based Enterprise software development in product base Organization.
Involved in the System Analysis, Design, Development, Testing, Installation, Implementation, User-
Training
, Maintenance, Troubleshooting and Co-ordination of client-server applications.
Strong working knowledge in C#, .Net Framework 4.5, ASP.net Web forms and MVC, REST Web API WCF Service, Entity Framework, Linq to Entities , Java script, Oops and Design patterns.
Having knowledge in Angular js and Node js.
Strong communication 
skills
, analytical ability, creativity, results-focus and team orientation.
Having real time working knowledge in IDMS and Good knowledge in agile methodology, end to end sprint process.
Areas of Expertise
Proficiency in C# , ASP.Net Web Forms and MVC(Razor).
Proficiency in Language-Integrated Query (LINQ) (LINQ to objects, LINQ to Entities)
Hands on 
experience
 in WEB API Restful services.
Hands on 
experience
 in Windows Services.
Hands on 
experience
 in Work Flow Service.
Hands on 
experience
 in Telerik controls.
Hands on 
experience
 in design using Object Oriented Programming Principles like Inheritance, Polymorphism and Design patterns like Abstract factory and Repository Pattern.
Proficiency in Entity framework Code First and involved in creating models and their constraints.
Involved in the Design and development of user interfaces using ASP.Net. C#, WCF, Web API, XML, SQL SERVER, JavaScript, etc.
Providing User 
training
, Implementation and Trouble- shooting the application.
Providing enhancements in the application.
Technical 
Skills

Language: C#
Operating Systems: Windows 7, Windows 8 and Windows10
GUI:Visual Studio 2012 and 2015.RDBMS:SQL Server 2012
Scripting : JavaScript
Client Side Framework : Angular Js
ORM:Entity Framework Code First
Servers : IIS 8.5
Dot Net Technologies : .Net Framework4.5, ASP.Net, LINQ, Entity Frame Work, Repository
Patterns, WCF, Work Flow Service and Web Api2

Academic
 
Profile

Course | Institution / University
B.E. (Mechanical) | Pallavn College Of Engineerig
Relevant 
Experience

No. | Organization | Position | Period
1 | Deep Identity IDC | Software Engineer | Sep 2014 - till date
Project 
Profile

Identity Audit & Compliance Manager (Deep IACM)
Clients :1. SMRT (SG)
2.Singapore Power(SG)
Technology Used: ASP.Net, C#, WCF Service, Windows Service, Work Flow Service, .Net Framework 4.5, Sql Server 2012, JavaScript, IIS 8.5, AJAX.
Identity Audit & Compliance Manager (Deep IACM) is a solution that provides a 'layered approach' to identity governance and administration. Deep IACM does this by discovering deep into applications, databases and systems, where users and their access permissions are stored. While the typical process of discovering users' access is just to determine whether the users were given specific access rights, Deep IACM, adopting 'layered approach', penetrates deeper to bridge the link between all the layers. This information is used for downstream processes such as attestation, compliance, role management, audit and reporting. It provides solutions addressing full range of compliance requirements such as excessive access rights, Segregation of Duties (SoD) conflicts, Sensitive accesses and identity and access violations. These compliance checks are in built into Deep IACM and are available out of the box. Policy adherence is checked and Deep IACM produces results for policy violations, reviews, risk scoring, reports and dashboards.
Responsibilities:
Was involved developing MAS DB connector, Access request, Work flow Module, Attestation Module, Non-Connected systems module and various customized reports.
Co-ordinate with On-site team and gather requirements and delivered on time.
Worked in Client office during IDMS UAT in SMRT Singapore.
Privilege Identity Manager (Deep PIM)
Client: Ctrl s
Technology Used: ASP.Net MVC, C#, Web API, Web Service, Windows Service, .Net Framework 4.5, SQL Server 2012, java script, IIS 8.5, AJAX and Node.js
Privilege Identity Manager (Deep PIM) provides comprehensive logging and recording of the privilege identity session. This logging and recording is done at the PIM-Gateway Server which acts as proxy for all access to target servers. Privilege Command Manager logs are text based and stored in SQL database while the Secure Desktop Connection Manager logs are compressed and stored on the PIM-Gateway Server. Secure Desktop functionality supports Microsoft Servers for privilege remote access. This secure desktop access allows users to connect to any windows servers without the need to know the privilege identity password of the target servers. Users can use their standard browsers to connect to target servers via the PIM-Gateway Server and have complete access to windows desktop and applications on the target windows server. Secure Desktop Connection Manager also manages session for concurrent access, termination of session and monitor idle session. Privilege Command Manager also provides additional policies to restrict list of commands that can be allowed along with its path and which users were allowed to execute them and on which server. Responsibilities:
development of various modules within the application, developing web APIs, java script front-end validations, development of reports, writing AJAX calls, build and hosting activities for the application and other team co-ordination activities.