Anandan.G
Email ID : gunaanand9304@gmail.com

Contact
 No : 9176135061

Experience
 
Summary

Technically sophisticated, resourceful, holding 3 years of 
experience
 in .NET MVC, Windows application, Single page application, Project Management and Issue Resolution.
Extensively worked with HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JQUERY, JAVASCRIPT, Angular JS, JSON and AJAX
Hands-on 
experience
 in React & Vue JS
Expertise in data base management using MS SQL server and PostgreSQL, framing the database tables and proficient in retrieving the data from the database

Experience
 with Version Control tool like GIT
Problem solver with a positive attitude, effective communication 
skills
, good work ethics
and proven ability to be a good team player
Dynamic worker interested to work on new technologies and new domains.
My core area of skill is designing, customization, development, testing, integration, control and monitoring systems.
Technical Skill Set

Languages
: C#, LINQ
Expertise in: .NET MVC, Windows application, Single page application
Web Technology: HTML5, Javascript, JQuery, Bootstrap, Angularjs, React JS & Vue basics
Middle ware : IBM MQ
Web API: .Net web API
Database: MS SQL, Postgresql
Development Tools: Visual studio
Version Control Systems: GIT
Web Server : IIS
Tools: Jenkin (build automation tool)
Educational Qualification
Diploma - CT (2016) - Central Polytechnic College Taramani, Chennai (96%)
SSLC (2013) - General Cariappa Hr Sec School saligramam, Chennai (94%)

Employment
 History
Junior Programmer, July 2016 to Sep 2018
Vinayak Infotech - Chennai, Tamilnadu
Software Developer, Sep 2018 to Present
Pathfinder Enterprise Solutions Pvt Ltd - Chennai, Tamilnadu
Project Details
Project 1
Project Name:Nxtnote
Role:Developer
Technologies:Asp.net web forms, .Net windows application, HTML, jQuery
Database : SQL Server 2012
Description:
Nxtnote is a product. It is used to conduct topic discussion / brainstorming workshop with multiple users at the same time. After discussion we can print the workshop discussed notes using the printer service windows application.
Responsibilities:
Responsibilities for developing new approaches in product.
Bug fixing, support and maintenance.
Project 2
Project Name:iSafety
Role:Developer and Database Admin
Technologies:Ionic, HTML5, Angular js, .Net web API
Database:SQL Server 2016
iSafety is the safety management system. It is also a product. The main 
objective
 of the product is establishing safety in industries. That automates all the functionalities in contraction industries thereby reducing manpower and paperwork. The main features of isafety are selfie attendance, multi-language support and real time reports.
Responsibilities for developing new approaches in product
Worked on stored procedure to retrieve data for analysis and input data.
Worked on web api end points with business layers and data access layer
Project 2.1
Project Name:iSafety CRM
Technologies:.Net 4.5, MVC, Linq, Jquery
Database : SQL server 2016
iSafety CRM(Customer relationship management) is used to maintain customer data and involve businesses analysing customer interactions and improving customer relationship.
Design and development of user interface, business layers and data access layer.
Project 3
Project Name:Security System
Technologies:.Net Windows Application, .Net Windows Service and IBM MQ
Database : PostgreSQL 3
It is security management system used to enforce security in harbour tollgate by using the human biometrics like fingerprint, face and iris. It is the combination of windows application, queueing system (IBM MQ) and windows service. Data transmission between windows application and windows service fully secured using the symmetric encryption (AES).
Design and development of user interface, business layers and data access layer
Worked on stored procedure to retrieve data for analysis and input data
SDK analyzation (card reader analyzation)
Project 4
Project Name:Proleaz (Retail Contract Management Syste)
Technologies:HTML, CSS, Jquery, Angular JS, C#, ASP.Net MVC4
Database : MS-SQL server 2014
PROLEAZ is smart as it is seamless - Completely auto-integrated, the system allows for revenue calculation and rental sharing as dictated in the lease terms contract. PROLEAZ takes care of a fully automated data analysis system so that tracking of individual Retailer's performance, analysing trends and gleaning meaningful insights into buying behaviour becomes easy and measurable. PROLEAZ manages end-to-end data pertaining to lease documents as well as monitoring the lease deadlines, extensions, renewals and approvals.
Understanding the product and customer requirements
Implemented Digital signing
Individually handle Utility computation & invoice modules
Day-to-Day enhancement and support, Handling development activities.
Personal Details
Date of Birth: 04- Jun-1998
Gender: Male
Marital Status: Unmarried
Father's Name: P.Gunasekaran (Late)

Languages
 known:English, Tamil
Nationality: Indian
Address : 1, Adam Street, Annammal nagar, Nerkundrem, Chennai - 600107
Declaration
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.
Date:
Place:
(Anandan G)