NIRMAL KUMAR.S
Native iOS(Swift) App Developer
Mob#: 91-7904469912
imnirmal.58@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE

Results-oriented software developer and research professional with 4.8 years of experienced and skilled
iPhone App Developer with a strong current background in industry technology. Proven ability to work
independently or as part of a team. Adept at technical troubleshooting and anticipating future potential
problems. Also, a versatile developer who ready to face challenging tasks in mobile application development
for IOS.

WORK 
EXPERIENCE

COMPANY
DESIGNATION
DURATION
OBICS Software Services(OPC)
Pvt.Ltd,Chennai
Senior IOS Developer
July 2018 - Present
Ionixx Technologies Pvt.Ltd,Chennai
IOS Developer
March 2018 - July 2018
Chembian Technologies Pvt.Ltd,
Chennai
IOS & Android Developer
July 2015 -March 2018

CAREER ACCOMPLISHMENTS:
✓ Team Award for the Project "Knob"
✓ Certified IOS Developer - JPA Solutions
✓ Awarded Paper presented on "DIGITAL IMAGE PROCESSING" for noises removing in images and
videos
✓ Top Ranker in PG Anna University Examination

CORE QUALIFICATIONS:
▪ Understanding of iOS Architecture, Strong proficiency with Xcode IDE,SWIFT Design Patterns,
submitting Apps via itunesconnect to AppStore process.
▪ Worked in various 
projects
 in integration with web service APIs using URL Session, AFNetworking,
Threading(GCD) & Operation Queue,
▪ Experienced in using third party libraries Custom Animations, Charts,
▪ AFNetworking, SwifyJSON, Firebase for IOS etc.
▪ Offline Sync/Storage using CoreData, MapKit integration, Charts API integration(Bar Line,
PieChart..etc), AVKit video player for remote streaming, APNS Notifications, ARC(Memory
management), Dynamic (CollectionViews , TableViews, ScrollViews).
▪ Good knowledge in UI Designing to support for multiple screen devices using Autolayout,
AutoSizeClasses , Programmatic Design, Custom views using IB Designables& IB Inspectables,
Singleton, MVC, VIPER, KVC Design Patterns.

PROJECTS
 HANDLED IN OBICS Software Services(OPC) Pvt.Ltd :

PROJECT
Title
Shaadi Matrimony (Not in live currently in development)

Client
Obicss pvt Ltd (own product)
Technology
XCODE 10, Swift 4.2, URL Session, Collection & Tableviews, Push Notification, Core Data,
Normal and Group Chat ,PayU Money payment Integration & third party library cocoa pods
and etc ..
Role
Responsibilities
▪ Worked in features of Application.
▪ Involved in Requirement analysis, Attending scrum calls, Sending daily and weekly
status report and Sending build to the QA team
Description
This App features,
▪ See all recommendations for you in 'My Matches'Express Interest to people you
▪ Edit your Desired Partner 
Profile
 to specify the kind of person you are looking for. Get
instant notifications about 
Interests
 and Accepts sent to you.
▪ You can also upgrade to premium membership to
▪ See Phone, Email of people you like to 
contact
 them. Send personalized messages.
Increase your 
profile
's visibility and responses.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Languages

Swift, JavaScript, Ionic Angular JS, HTML5, CSS, TSS
IOS Frame works and
Concepts
Auto Layout and Constraints, Size Classes, Story board, Programmatic Design, XIB
Design, APNS, NSURL Session, Extensions, Type casting, protocol and Delegate,
Generics, Rest API, XML and JSON parsing, and Cocoa pods
Design Patterns
MVC, MVVM, Viper, KVC Design Pattern, Functional, Protocol and Object Oriented
Thirty Party Integrations
Google and AppleMaps, Firebase Integration (OTP,Analytics,Login, Database and Push
notifications),Facebook, Twitter, Instagram login, Crashlytics, Insta bug, Swifty JSON and
other thirty party libraries like Alamofire
Payment Gateways
Razorpay, Paytm, PayUMoney,Paypal and Stripe SDK integration
Databases
SQLite Mobile, Core data, No SQL(Hybrid App)
Source Control and Tools
GitHUB, Source tree(bit bucket), JIRA, Mantis Bug tracker and Postman
Development Software's
Xcode 10, Appcelerator Studio, ENIDE/NODE, Visual Studio Code
Operating System
Mac OS, iOS and Android
Other Technologies
Appcelerator JavaScript Frame work, Ionic Angular Frame work, Phone Gap and Xamarin

Knob - Local Sharing Economy
US Client- Seattle, LLC
XCODE 10, Swift 4, URL Session, Google Map Integration, Push Notification, Core Data,
Normal and Group Chat & third party library cocoa pods and etc ..
▪ Worked from END to END features of Application.
▪ To deliver libraries to multiple teams so that they consume the components in Agile
Methodology.
▪ Involved in Bug Fixing and Updating New Features
▪ Uploaded App in App Store via iTunes connect
▪ Knob's community-created messaging channels connect people in local areas so they
can help each other get things done.
▪ Example: if you're giving away free items after Spring cleaning, broadcast your items
on the "free" channel to see if your neighbors are interested in them.
▪ On the other hand, if you want to listen to free-item broadcasts, just add "free" to your
channel list and wait for broadcasts to come in from people around you. The channels
you can create and broadcast on are up to you and the people in your local area!
We've added two default channels to get the conversation going: "free" and "public
square" - use these channels as you wish.
App Store Link
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/knob-local-sharing-
economy/id1435564654#?platform=iphone

PROJECTS
 HANDLED IN IONIXX TEHNOLOGIES Pvt.Ltd :

Gaadi Bazaar

US Client- Retail services
XCODE 9, Swift 4, URL Session, Push Notification, Core Data ,third party library cocoa
pods and etc ..
▪ Gaadi bazaar is buying and selling of both old and new car models.
▪ It makes your vehicle buying 
experience
 comprehensive, convenient and conclusive
with the Gaadi.com app.
▪ Be it a used car, a new car or a motorcycle, this app provides you a holistic 
experience

including visual insight as well as user reviews.
▪ Get the most reliable information about prices, accessories, mileage, technical
specifications and features to save yourself the trouble of scanning multiple websites
and hopping across dealerships. Choose, compare and buy your vehicle from the
convenience of the revamped Gaadi bazaar app Responsibilities.
https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/gaadi-com/id1166579398?mt=8

Muster
Ionixx Technologies
XCODE 9, Swift 4, URL Session, Google Map Integration,Geo location, Push
Notification, Core Data ,third party library cocoa pods and etc ..
▪ To deliver libraries to multiple teams so that they consume the components in
Agile Methodology.
▪ Muster is a location-based social discovery application.
▪ It allows your GPS to locate nearby restaurants and invite your friends (or fellow
Muster users). In short, it allows you to meet, greet and eat with other users in your
locality. Invite a person or a group of people to share a meal. Once your invite is
accepted, the chat option allows you to further discuss details about your plans for
the meal

https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/muster/id1219587277?ls=1&mt=8

PROJECTS
 HANDLED IN CHEMBIAN TECHNOLOGIES Pvt.Ltd :

UCORSA - Ride Share
EMJ Development ,LLC ( USA, OMAHA
XCODE 9, Swift 3, URL Session, Google Map Integration, Push Notification & Chat
Integration using pub-nub data stream networking for driver to rider chat & third party
library cocoa pods and etc ..
▪ Worked in End to End features of Application.
▪ Involved in Requirement analysis, attending scrum calls, Sending daily and
weekly status report and Sending build to the QA team
Ucorsa is an in-network rideshare App allows you to create carpooling networks with the
people .
Features :uRide , uDrive , uCarpool , create Group ,Ride History,Live GPS Track of
Rides(Tracking Drivers), Rider - Driver & Vice versa Chat using PUBNUB Data
Streaming Network, Stripe Payment Support for two way payment system with help of
Stripe SDK
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/ucorsa / id1140779836?ls=1&mt=8

Greenroots
Vision Stream (Australia)
XCODE 9, Swift 3, URL Session, Push Notification, Core Data & third party library cocoa
▪ Worked in some features of Application.
This app is almost like a stack overflow in which farmers used to post their queries
regarding farms and agricultural experts will reply them instantly giving solution to their
queries. Farmers and experts can chat with one another in real time using Firebase.

https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/agro /id413485998?mt=8

Job Allocating System
Know Cross
XCODE 9, Swift 3, URL Session, Google Map Integration, Push Notification, Core Data &
third party library cocoa pods and etc ..
Admin App: This app is for admin who used to assign task to workers. It's used in star hotels
where there will be tasks to be performed belongs to different categories for example
housekeeping, engineering works, drop or pickup customers from mentioned source &
destination. Admin can view all the employees of different categories and assign them task.
Once the task is assigned, corresponding employee will receive the notification using Firebase
Cloud Messaging.
Worker App: This app is for employees who going to perform the task. Once he receives
notification from admin he starts the work and timer will be started then he can mark it as
completed once the task is over. In between he can take break by clicking the break button and
resume later. Admin can view when the employee has started the work, when he completed it,
when he took break in real time using Firebase Real-time Database.
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/housekeeping2/id1317776281?ls=1&mt=8

ZION Z
XCODE 9, Swift 3, URL Session, Google Map Integration, Push Notification, Core Data
& third party library cocoa pods and etc ..
* Description
▪ Zion (Z+) is also a Business Logic / Entity related App which includes Daily
Checklists, Site Maintenance, Work order management, Vision Stream Employee
Portal Access using barcode scanning, Forms (inspection) on site Review.
▪ Upload Photo checklist Forms with OFFLINE Sync Support. But for 
Projects

Ericsson Expansion, Telstra Wireless, Ericsson. Zion (Z+) App is also available
only for Vision stream Employees (Priv). This will have forms from site info&
SHEQ & Photo checklists.
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/zion-z/id1328793381?ls=1&mt=8

Tile
IMS (Inspection Management System)
Application which is used to inspect the building construction at each level of construction
process and prepare a checklist accordingly.
The checklist will differs according to the selected inspection type by the inspector.
For example, if the inspection is about Healthy and Safety then the checklist contains options
that checks whether the following things have been implemented:
1. First aid box
2. Medical centre facilities
3. Trained first aider/nurse
4. Safety signs in place
Likewise, each inspection type contains its unique checklist. Once the inspection is over all the
checklist data will be sent to the server. Also superior officer of the inspector will be notified
using Firebase Cloud Messaging that the inspection is over.

https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/zinspector/id844600835?mt=8

RMS (Rental Management System)

Owner App: Owner of the house or apartment can view all the details about his tenant
including rental details. Notification will be sent to all the tenants on every month on the date
mentioned by owner in settings automatically. Can maintain payment due details of all the
tenants individually and other payment details.
Tenant App: Tenant can view all the payment history till date. This app includes Payment
Gateway using the official sdk provided by Stripe which makes money transfer between tenant
and owner so smarter and easier.

https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/landlordy-property-management/id975031084?mt=8

InstaTags - Get followers & likes with InstaTags for Instagram

XCODE 9, Swift 3, URL Session, Push Notification , Instagram official API used & third
party library cocoa pods and etc ..
InstaTags - Get followers & likes with InstaTags for Instagram, Using available official
instagram API providing an efficient algorithm to get random instagram users, their random
posts & their medias to follow them & make them follow you back based on Instagram
Limitations
https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/get-followers-get-comments-for-
instagram/id1145988000?mt=8

 
EDUCATION

Course: M.E (Applied Electronics) (2013 year of passing); B.E.(ECE) (2011 year of
passing);
Institution: B.E & M.E were done in JEC, Chennai;
Board: Anna University;
Percentage: M.E (8.47 CPGA); B.E (69% First Class);

 DECLARATION

I, hereby declare that the above particulars are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief