1 
 
Email ID: Chithambararaj@outlook.com 
CHITHAMBARARAJ J 
Mob: +91 7871360476 
 
 
CARRER OBJECTIVE 
 
Seeking a challenging environment that encourages continuous learning and Creativity 
Provides exposure to new Ideas and stimulates Personal and Professional Growth. 
 
SUMMARY 
 
To obtain a permanent, full time Assistant manager position. I Have total 8 years’ experience in 
plastic & rubber quality and worked with IQC, Supplier handling, Multiple customer handling, PPAP 
validation, Layout Inspection, 8D Closures, New project management, FMEA validation, R&R study, 
COPQ monitoring, MSA, Calibration, Making of month wise data sheet, Internal and customer 
monthly PPM monitoring, manpower handling, approval for packing standard, SOP’s, work 
instruction, process flow etc. Good knowledge of  Raw materials. Excellence in finding process-
oriented problems and solving skills. Injection molding machine handled up-to 25 to 650 tons of 
various brands. 
 
1st Work Experience  
 
 
Company 
: Visteon Automotive Systems India Pvt Ltd. (Chennai) 
Designation 
: Shift In-charge (IQC) Electronics Division 
Duration 
: 1 Years (14/01/2015 to 30/01/2016) 
 
Responsibility & Nature of Work: 
 
➢ Taking care of all Incoming parts & Components from various suppliers. 
➢ Our team Inspects those parts as per the received quantity based on the Inspection Level. 
➢ If those parts meet the critical dimensions as per the given spec and sample then those 
parts got labeled with green approval tag and moved to storage area. 
➢ If those parts don’t meet the specifications, then we escalate the issue to our team 
members and communicate the same to suppliers with proper PPT with evidence. 
➢ Follow up our supplier to close the 8D’s and validate for submission. 
➢ New product PPAP validation and sending for approval. 
➢ Layout Inspection for upcoming project samples. 
➢ Attending assembly line issues to prevent from line stoppage and limit level-based 
decision making. 
2 
 
2nd Work Experience  
 
 
Company 
: Hanon Automotive Systems India Pvt Ltd. (Chennai) 
Designation 
: Quality Associate (In-Process) 
Duration 
: 1 Years (01/02/2016 to 28/02/2017) 
 
Responsibility & Nature of Work: 
 
➢ Responsible for FML approval in production and assembly line. 
➢ Conducting product audit, process audit, critical machine audit, counter measure audit and 
control plan audit by month wise. 
➢ Updating daily process details and abnormalities to the team and take necessary actions to 
prevent from customer compliance. 
➢ Doing investigation on daily customer complaints and correct the loop holes with the help 
of production team. 
➢ Making cut sections of radiator and evaporators by monthly wise to check for proper 
bonding and absence of blow holes. 
➢ Implementation of Poke-yoke and horizontal deployment to reduce the internal and 
customer complaints. 
➢ Excellent in analytical and problem-solving skills and evidence-based decision-making 
skills. 
➢ Carrying out 5s, poke -yoke and kaizen activities for continuous improvement. 
➢ Support during production part approval process validation and testing. 
 
3nd Work Experience  
 
 
Company Name 
: Kosh Innovations Pvt Ltd. (Pondicherry) 
Designation 
: Quality In-Charge (Unit – II) 
Duration 
: 5 Years (02/08/2017 to 06/08/2022) 
 
Responsibility & Nature of Work: 
 
➢ Responsible for Incoming raw materials quality, Shop floor quality aspects, Process and 
product quality, 4M and 1E changes, Handling of multi-Customers, PPAP submissions, 
conduct new product trial and errors, R & R study, taking actions on customer complaints, 
8D Closures, Handling of internal assembly and process line issues, manpower handling. 
3 
 
➢ Outcoming products should meet the quality requirements of internal & external 
customers and implementing best quality assurance methodology with high safety 
practices with the help of my team. 
➢ Root cause finding in daily rejection of injection molding process for reducing rejection 
level daily wise. 
➢ Making the monthly and daily summery trend graph of rejection defect wise and 
productivity, PPM and OEE. 
➢ Validate the process parameters and maintain product quality of initial part supply. 
➢ Create awareness and train my team on applicable quality standard of all customers and 
educate them with good quality techniques. 
➢ Incoming material inspection through MFI tester, In-process Inspection and pre- dispatch 
inspection and layout inspection activities to fulfill customer and organization 
requirements. 
➢ Implement the self-inspection Philosophy among operators. 
➢ Making standard Work Instruction, Inspection reports and maintain all ISO TS16949 
standards. 
➢ Responsible for continual improvement activities to enhance the quality and productivity 
to reduce cost and time 
➢ Preparation of PPAP and QMS Documentations. 
➢ Root cause analysis and implementation of corrective action for process related concerns. 
➢ Preparing skill matrix for team associates. 
➢ 8D closures. 
➢ Follow up for calibration activities. 
➢ Knowledge of mold loading & unloading., Injection molding m/c parameter setting for 
new development part. 
 
PROJECTS & CUSTOMERS HANDLED 
 
 
 VESTAS V174-9.5MW 
– Vestas wind tech India Pvt Ltd 
 RT-97 & QXI 
– Faurecia Interior systems India Pvt Ltd 
 ZFTVS SE-138 & 139, ZFTVS SE-140 & 153 
– ZF TVS Sensing Solutions Pvt Ltd 
 WAK24168IN 
– Bosch Ltd 
 ROV Valve Assy 
– BAPL Rototech Pvt Ltd 
 ACE-XL, Red-Puller 
– Whirlpool of India Ltd 
4 
 
CURRENT EMPLOYER 
 
 
Company 
: Suja Shoei Industries Pvt Ltd. 
(Tindivanam) 
Designation 
: Quality In-Charge (In-Process) 
Duration 
: 1 Year (08/08/2022 to till date) 
 
Responsibility & Nature of Work: 
 
➢ Responsible for product quality of molding process and controlling of internal rejections on 
daily basis. 
➢  Taking care of inhouse PPM & COPQ in control. 
➢ Taking actions on high rejections with action plan of 8D & Parato chart. 
➢ Make my team better with problem finding and solving technics of molding process. 
➢ Excellence in team handling up-to twenty members with six engineers to control the 
abnormality in process parameters and abnormality in rejections. 
➢ Presenting every week rejection review meeting with management members to explain the 
current run@rate of rejection trend with improvement activities.  
And escalation of incoming and inhouse compliance. 
➢ Conduct daily DRM with team members to address the risk factors of functional related 
product application and customers’ requirements. 
➢ Taking care of customer audit and fulfil the requirements to get the maximum score on 
audit points.  
➢ Closing NC’s in customer portal with the evidence of proper analyzing on compliant and take 
permanent actions with Poka-Yoke. 
➢ Taking care of inhouse instrument calibrations within the due date and maintaining of 
history cards. 
➢ Conducting MSA plan with R&R study, BIOS on regulatory instruments and gauges. 
 
Educational Qualification 
 
Diploma in Mechanical Engineering – D.M.E (2014) 
Pondicherry – Sri Manakula Vinayagar Polytechnic College. 
 
Bachelor of Computer Applications – B.C.A (2019) 
Chidambaram – Annamalai University (DDE). 
 
SKILLS 
 
 
✓ Production Part Approval Process 
✓ Failure mode effective analysis (FMEA) 
5 
 
✓ 8D Closures 
✓ Corrective and Preventive Actions (CAPA) 
✓ Cost of poor Quality (COPQ) 
✓ PPM Analysis 
✓ Layout Inspection 
✓ Team building 
✓ Supervision 
✓ Cp & Cpk reports 
✓ IM Machine handling 
✓ Customer handling techniques 
Instruments Handled 
 
 
• Vernier Caliper (Digital, Analog & Manual) 
• Slip Gauges 
• Low Force Vernier 
• Feeler Gauges 
• Height Gauge (Analog & Digital) 
• LUX Meter 
• Micrometer 
• Pull off Gauge 
• Pin Gauges 
• MFI Tester 
• Shore Hardness Tester 
• CMM – Basic 
• All Types of Checking Fixtures & Jigs 
• IRHD Tester 
• Profile Projector 
• VMS  
 
Computer Skills 
 Diploma in Computer Application (DCA). 
 Microsoft Office – Word, Excel, Power point Presentation 
 Work with all types of windows operating systems 
Personal Profile 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Declaration 
 
I hereby declare that the above information furnished is complete and true to the best of my knowledge. 
 
Date:                                                                                                              Yours Sincerely, 
 
          Place : 
Date of Birth 
: 01-01-1994 
Father Name 
: Jayabalan K 
Mother Name 
: Lakshmi J 
Nationality 
: Indian 
Religion 
: Hindu 
Native 
: Pondicherry 
Gender 
: Male 
Marital Status 
: Married 
Languages Known 
: Tamil & English