Suresh Pula 
D.No: 9/69, Boreddipalli 
Near Hanuman Temple,Parigi, Anantapur (Dist), Hindupur 
515201, Andhra Pradesh, 
Suresh.pula3@gmail.com 
Phone no: 7022191643 
 
Career Objective: 
Detail-oriented Accountant with 3.4 years effectively maintaining accurate accounting information for Small- 
scale companies. To associate myself with an organization the provides an opportunity to show my ability to 
improve my knowledge and to be a part of a team works dynamically toward the growth of the organization. 
Enjoys being part of a dynamic team. Trustworthy Accountant focused on honoring company ethics and 
preserving confidentiality. 
SKILLS: 
● Accounting operations skills 
● Document verification skills 
● ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) software Superior attention to detail 
● Strong communication skills 
● General Ledger 
● Account reconciliation specialist Financial Statements 
● Book keeping skills 
● Journal Entries 
● Self-motivated skills 
EMPLOYMENT DETAILS:- 
Organization- Tata Consultancy Services , Bangalore - 11- Dec-2019 to Present 
Designation- Senior Associate. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 
● Experience in Record to Report / R2R in SAP FICO ERP. 
● Strong in Posting Journal Entries for Accruals and Prepayments. 
● I have good knowledge in fixed assets process and Depreciation journals posting as well. 
● Worked on Month end reporting/closing on monthly basis. 
● Monthly reconciliation for Balance sheet accounts with no items open beyond agreed SLA. 
● Timely completion of requests and workload sharing among team members 
● To act as backup and ensure all queries are cleared on time 
● I have good experience in R2R General Ledger Process in SAP FICO ERP Environment. 
● Ensure timely and accurate reporting of entity results in SAP with 100 % score in completeness, 
timeliness and quality in reporting. 
● Follow up on open items in order to maintain clear and clean accounts. 
● Responsible for monitoring and completion of all month end adjustments and finalize the P&L as 
per the agreed SLA. 
● Supporting to onshore partners queries on the daily basis and coordination with internal and 
external auditors as they required. 
Academic Qualifications: 
Course 
University/Board 
Year of passing 
Remarks 
B.com 
Computers 
Sri Krishna Devaraya University 
(Anantapur) 
2015-2018 
85% 
Intermediate 
Balayesu junior college (Hindupur) 
2013-2015 
56% 
S.S.C 
Amar vidya mandir High school 
(Parigi) 
2012-2013 
87% 
TECHNICAL SKILLS: 
Application Packages : 
 
SAP FICO, MS-Office, MS-Excel, MS-Outlook 
 
STRENGTHS 
Ability to communicate and work within a diverse team and independently. 
Excellent typing, writing skills. 
Quick learner, goal-oriented, adaptive easily to new situations. 
Willingness to learn new concepts and apply them to yield successful results. 
PERSONAL DETAILS: 
Date of birth 
08/03/1997 
Gender 
Male 
Father’s name 
Pula Aswathappa 
Marital status 
Unmarried 
Nationality 
Indian 
Languages 
Telugu, English 
Permanent Address 
#9/69, Boreddipalli (v) Parigi(m), Anantapur 
Andhra pradesh, 515201. 
 
 
 
Declaration: 
I here by declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. I assure 
you that I will be responsible for its accuracy. 
( Suresh Pula)