KASHIF MEHDI
SECURITY OPERATIONS ENGINEER
beingcool7867@gmail.com
+91 7795368576
Bangalore , Karnataka IN
https://www.linkedin.com/in/kashif-mehdi-156a5aa3/

SUMMARY

Security Operations Engineer with 2 years of 
experience
 in managing and implementing security
solutions. Proven ability to reduce risks and improve security posture. Experienced in incident response,
threat analysis, and vulnerability management.Specialized in proactive network monitoring of SIEM (Azure
Sentinel)

SKILLS

Cyber Security
Network Security
Ethical Hacking
Azure Sentinel- SIEM
OSI Model /TCP IP
Protocol

EXPERIENCE

DXC Technology Mar 2021 - Present
Microsoft Security Operations Engineer
Incident Response: Identify potential security incidents through monitoring and reporting all
incidents.
Assess identified incidents to determine the appropriate next steps for mitigating the risk. Respond to
the incident by containing, investigating, and resolving it
Identity and Access Management - (Azure Active Directory - AAD)
Threat Protection - (Advanced Threat Analytics, Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection, Office
365 * Threat Protection and Threat Intelligence), Information Protection - (Azure Information Protection,
Office 365 Data Loss Prevention, Microsoft Cloud App
Security, Office 365 Advanced Security Management, Microsoft Intune) Security Management - (Azure
Security Centre, Office 365 Security and Compliance Centre, Windows Defender Advanced Security
Centre).

Experience
 with Azure AD Connect, including configuration of sync scopes, hybrid Azure AD join,
group writeback, password writeback and password synchronization models
Hands on 
experience
 with executing bulk operations against the Microsoft cloud using PowerShell
scripting
Endpoint Security with Windows Process Checking, Protected Workspace and Firewalls
Good verbal and written communication 
skills
, including ticket documentation, incident reporting and
escalations
Knowledge of network devices, firewalls, IDS/IPS, TCP/IP protocols, and general network architecture
Strong technical understanding of network fundamentals and common Internet protocols, specifically
DNS, HTTP, HTTPS / TLS, and SMTP
A good knowledge of various security technologies such as SIEM (Sentinel), Email Analysis, Malware
analysis, network (routers and Switches) and application firewalls (WAF), host intrusion prevention,
EDR (next Gen anti-virus) and anti-virus)
Responsible for Monitoring, Fine tuning, reviewing & maintenance of cyber security tools and SIEM
tool - Azure Sentinel, EDR - Microsoft EDR tools, Email Security- Abnormal security, Azure Security
Center.
Event Source Management & Log collection
Troubleshoot Log collector / event source issues and alerts
www.resumekraft.com

g
Worked in SOC 24/7 team.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Dec 2018 - Feb 2021
Technical Solutions Consultant
Good communication 
skills
 with the ability to use it effectively and persuasively and be able to
respond professionally to customers' queries.
Providing Level 1 Generalist Enterprise technical support to HPE Customers for Network products
Excellent written and verbal communication 
skills
, with an ability to empathize with customers with
varying levels of technical ability.
Handling escalation calls / emails of clients to provide the Service Delivery per SLA, engaging relevant
TAM, ASM and AGM when required for priorities tickets/ cases.
Escalating tickets to the regional ASM's or TAM's based on scope of support and based on escalation
matrix to avoid any SLA breach.
Excellent organizational and interpersonal 
skills
.
Proved successful working within tight deadlines and fast-paced atmosphere.
Worked flexible hours, night, weekend, and holiday shifts.
Created plans and communicated deadlines to ensure 
projects
 were completed on time.
Demonstrated respect, friendliness, and willingness to help wherever needed.
Conducted research, gathered information from multiple sources and presented results.
Identified issues, analyzed information, and provided solutions to problems.
Drove operational improvements which resulted in savings and improved profit margins.

EDUCATION

East West Institute of technology May 2012 - Jul 2016
Bachelor of Engineering
Electronics & Communication Engineer, Bangalore, Karnataka, July 2016
Shri Bhagwan Mahaveer Jain College Jun 2010 - May 2012
Pre-University College
Science PCMB, Bangalore, Karnataka, May 2012
CERTIFICATION
EC Council 2022-04-23
Certified Ethical Hacker Essentials - EC Council
Microsoft 2022-09-23
Microsoft Security Operations Analyst Certified - SC-200
COURSES
Simplilearn Mar 2019 - Mar 2021
Fundamentals of CISSP - Security Assessment / Testing and Security Operation
Simplilearn Aug 2020 - Apr 2022
Basics of Cloud Security Professional

LANGUAGES

English
Kannada
Hindi

AWARDS

Microsoft 2022-09-05
Quarter Champ Award
Award the Quarter Champ Award by Client Microsoft - DXC Collaboration Award.
PERSONAL 
SKILLS

Cloud Platforms - Azure
& AWS, basics of GCP *
Security, Risk and
Compliance - IAM *
Docker, Kubernetes,
ECS, EKS *
Infrastructure-as-Code -
Terraform or
CloudFormation
* Network Security *
PowerShell Scripting *
Python & Java
Programming
CUSTOM
Declaration
I hereby declare that the above furnished information is true to the best of my knowledge, and I am
confident of my ability to work in a technically proficient team/organization.