Skills

Experience

HCL Technology
Wintwin Technologies
EDWARDS Lifesciences
1/2/2019
CARDIAC SCIENCE LCAED SERVER Device management software
1/6/2018 - 1/1/2019 (7 months)
NBCUniversal Campus
1/4/2017 - 1/6/2018 (14 months)

Projects

Worked on Angular 7 and later migrated to Angular 8. Handled the entire UI side
development as the sole UI resource. Used ngx-bootstrap and material design with
Angular 8 for data display and management. Implemented the LazyLoading concept
to improve application performance. Provided support for 14 
languages
 using
ngx-translate. Ensured code quality through adherence to standards and bug fixes
using karma and jasmine. Conducted cross-browser and cross-platform compatibility
testing, code optimization, and unit testing. Explored and implemented innovative
ideas.
ASP .NET
MVC
Web API
SQL Server
Dotnetazure@gmail.com
Phone: 9842434679
DotNetAzure

Worked on Angular 7 and Node JS. Handled the entire UI side development as the
sole UI resource. Created wireframes, designed the file structure, and maintained
files. Used ngx-bootstrap and material design with Angular 8 for data display and
management. Developed RESTful web services using Node JS and Express JS. Created
reusable components and directives. Implemented the LazyLoading concept to
improve application performance. Provided support for 14 
languages
 using
Worked as a UI developer to build a new web application. Started with Angular 2 and
later migrated to Angular 6. Used ngx-bootstrap and material design with Angular 6
for data display and management. Created RESTful web services using Node JS and
Express JS. Created reusable components and directives. Implemented the
LazyLoading concept to improve application performance. Ensured code quality
through adherence to standards and bug fixes using karma and jasmine. Conducted
cross-browser and cross-platform compatibility testing, code optimization, and unit
testing. Explored and implemented innovative ideas.

Education

Degree
College
Year
MCA
Madras University at Chennai
BCA
Sree Ragavendra Arts &
Science Collage Chidambaram