Objective

Experience

Poojanikarth Pattanakkad P.O Cherthala Alappuzha PIN 688531
8590989919 | vishnusabu080@gmail.com

Highly analytical, result-driven accounting and auditing specialist skilled at working quickly and accurately
under tight deadlines. Extensive knowledge of Tally, Excel and QuickBooks.

July 2021 - Present
AUDIT EXECUTIVE
(Bank Concurrent Audit)
➢ Assisting with other Internal Reviews and Special Investigations.
➢ Give recommendations to strengthen IT environments against such breaches.
➢ Conducts internal risk assessments on all financial centers based on center
performance and audit ratings.
➢ Communicates the identified issues, results of risk 
projects
, and recommendations to
manager and other appropriate staffs in a timely manner through written reports and/or
oral presentations.
➢ Draft written audit reports including observations, analyses, conclusions, and
recommended actions.
➢ Conducts post-audit basic follow-up tasks to appraise adequacy of corrective action
taken by management to address audit recommendations.
 ACCOUNTANT
Dealing with US based property rentals/real estate accounting management.
➢ Reconciling accounts payable and accounts receivable balances with bank statements
or other records to ensure that all transactions have been recorded accurately.
➢ Processing bills by recording invoices received from suppliers or vendors on an
accounting system database and submitting them to accounting staff for payment.
➢ Preparing financial reports to track business performance over time, such as profit and
loss statements and budgets.
➢ Ensuring that accounting records are kept up to date by entering new transactions into
the system and retrieving old records as needed.
➢ Analyze costs, pricing, variable contributions, sales results and property actual
performance Budgeted vs incurred.
➢ Liaise with auditors to ensure appropriate monitoring of company finances is
maintained.
➢ Correspondence with property management companies and maintenance team.
➢ Prepares asset, liability, and capital account entries by compiling and analyzing account
information.
➢ Create / Maintain project(s) accounts in the accounting system, Report on project(s)
profitability to management, Compile Reports as and when needed. Report to US
Management team.
➢ Reviewing the company's accounting policies to ensure that they are consistent with
industry standards and regulatory requirement

VISHNU SABU
JPMC

Education

January 2017 - June 2021
AUDIT MANAGER
(Chartered accountant firm dealing with company audit, statutory audits, accounting and bookkeeping
etc..)
➢ Perform and control the full audit cycle including risk management and control
management over operations' effectiveness, financial reliability and compliance with all
applicable directives and regulations.
➢ Determine internal audit scope and develop annual plans.
➢ Obtain, analyze and evaluate accounting documentation, previous reports, data,
flowcharts etc
➢ Prepare and present reports that reflect audit's results and document process.
➢ Act as an 
objective
 source of independent advice to ensure validity, legality and goal
achievement.
➢ Identify loopholes and recommend risk aversion measures and cost savings.
➢ Maintain open communication with management and audit committee.
➢ Engage to continuous knowledge development regarding sector's rules, regulations, best
practices, tools, techniques and performance standards.
➢ Document process and prepare audit findings memorandum.

August 2019 - August 2020
FINANCIAL CONTROLLER
(It is a part of LV&Co chartered accountant work to set up a clear-cut procedure for accounting functions
in company)
➢ Manage all accounting operations including Billing, A/R, A/P, GL and Counsel, Cost
Accounting, Inventory Accounting and Revenue Recognition.
➢ Coordinate and direct the preparation of the budget and financial forecasts and report
variances.
➢ Prepare and publish timely monthly financial statements.
➢ Coordinate the preparation of regulatory reporting.
➢ Research technical accounting issues for compliance.
➢ Support month-end and year-end close process.
➢ Ensure quality control over financial transactions and financial reporting.
➢ Assisting and comply with local, state, and federal government reporting requirements
and tax filings.
➢ Develop and document business processes and accounting policies to maintain and
strengthen internal controls.

Kerala State Board
SSLC
74% - First Class
2011
Plus Two
84% - Distinction
2011 - 2013
NSS College Cherthala - Kerala University B.
Com
67% - First Class
2013 - 2016
MG university
M. Com
Waiting for results
2019 - Present
LV&CO CHARTERED
JPATEL&SONS NIGERIA LIMITED

Place
: Kochi, Kerala
Reference

Additional Information

Key 
Skills
 And Competence

Communication 
skills

Numerical 
skills

Accounting management 
skills

Organizational 
skills

Decision-making 
skills

Problem-solving 
skills

Malayalam
English

Date of Birth : 03-01-1996
Marital Status: Married
Religion
: Hindu
Gender
: Male

Article Assistant
+917012268196

Three months online class for QuickBooks completed udemy.com

* Excellent teamwork and leadership 
skills
 enhanced
through 
employment

* Strong interpersonal 
skills
 developed through customer service roles.
* Confident and articulate when communicating with clients
* High level of proficiency in MS Office tools like Word, Excel,
and PowerPoint.
Tamil
Personal Details
Leadership 
skills

Languages

Skills