V VINODH KUMAR - SAFE®5 SM, CSM®, CTSP®
Mobile: +91 - 98427 63108, Home: 044 - 4851 5818, E-Mail: vininche33@gmail.com
New No.20, Flat No.A-10, Jubilee Road, West Mambalam, Chennai - 600 033

"SAFe®5 SM, CSM®,CTSP®" - Scrum Master/Business Analyst/Team Lead - Senior Consultant with 13+ years of combined

experience
 in Core Retail Banking and Financial Services Domain's such as AML-KYC, Cards and Mutual Funds and in
Business Analysis & Functional Testing and Agile and Scrum methodologies

PROFILE
 SNAPSHOT

Currently associated with Capgemini Technology Services India Ltd. Chennai as a Scrum Master (Senior Consultant Role).
Certified Scrum Master (CSM®) from Scrum Alliance and Certified SAFe®5 SM from SAFe Academy.
Excellent knowledge and expertise in Agile methodology concepts and scrum concepts.
An astute result oriented professional offering of 13+ years of rich & insightful 
experience
.
Certified Transaction Surveillance Professional (CTSP) from PON SUN AML Academy.
Certified AML-KYC professional (IIBF).
Excellent knowledge in Retail Banking Operations, AML concepts, Customer Due Diligence (CDD), Financial Crime
Compliance (FCC), transaction screening, transaction monitoring, sanctions and FATCA etc.
Excellent knowledge and 
experience
 in Business Analysis & Functional testing in areas like Debit Cards and Retail
Banking domain and AML-KYC with 6+ years.
Prolific 
experience
 and in depth process and application knowledge of more than 6 years in banking software "FINACLE"
at Axis Bank ltd and 6+ years of expertise in Business Analysis and Functional Testing in areas like Retail Banking, Debit
Cards and AML-KYC in Capgemini Technology Services India Ltd.

CORE COMPETENCIES

~ Banking and financial Management ~ Business Analysis
~ Compliance
~ Core Banking Operations
~ Agile/Scrum Methodologies ~ Software Development
~ Client Relationship Management
~ Testing ~ Team Management

DOMAIN EXPERTISE
6+ years of Domain expertise in Finacle application in various functional areas like Retail Branch Banking Operations,
AML-KYC, Cards.
7+ years of expertise in Agile/Scrum Methodologies, Business Analysis, Requirement Gathering, Process to System
Mapping and Functional Testing, Stakeholder Management etc. and basic knowledge in T24 application.

CAREER RECORD

Jan 2014 to till date - Senior Consultant - Core Banking Domain - Capgemini India
Pvt. Ltd. Chennai
Responsibilities:
Scrum Master - Global Payments - Heartland Payment Systems - Atlas Application - September 2016 to Till date:
 Guiding the team on Agile/Scrum practices.
 Handling impediments.
 Facilitating discussion, conflict resolution.
 Build a trusting and safe environment where problems can be raised without fear of blame, with an emphasis of healing
and problem solving.
 Assisting with internal and external communication, improving transparency and radiating information.
 Providing all support to the team using a servant leadership style whenever possible, and leading by example.
 Cross 
Training
 team and encourage team to work on Industry demanding technologies.
 Agile Project management - Resourcing, Staffing, billing, Risk Management, Customer collaboration and Stake holder
management.

 Work with PO/PM to improve CI/CD process and build a strong backlog and handle releases in PI planning.
 Conduct Agile ceremonies like Planning, Grooming, Retro, Daily stand up and product demo during every iteration.
 Perform a capacity planning for the team during every iteration to take up new user stories.
 Facilitate and encourage the teams to do a daily brain storming on the previous day's topics and ensure there are no
blockers in delivering the committed work items during the sprint.
 Ensure the team deliver the product during sprint as per the agile commitment without any compromise on the quality
and delivery.

Team Lead - Debit Cards Domain - Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) Rainbow UAT Project - March 2015 to September
2016:
 Worked for RBS -Rainbow a UAT migration project for Royal Bank of Scotland as a Team Lead in Debit Cards Domain from
March 2015 to September 2016.
 Engaged in business testing and proving of Debit Cards domain of both Source and Target banks
 Complete end to end functional testing of Debit Cards domain on a UAT - Business testing and proving perspective.
 Co ordinate with onsite Test Manager in preparing Test Plans, TRR's, TCR's, Test Strategies, Resource allocation, Test
Execution plan alignments etc.
 Preparation of all possible high level business scenarios based on the Functional Specification Document (FSD) and the
Business Requirement Document (BRD).
 Review of all possible test scenarios and test cases and steps prepared by the offshore test analysts based on the high
level business scenarios.
 Participate in weekly, daily checkpoint and defect call meetings analyze, retest and close the defects and provides
suitable solutions and strategies for effective and smooth test execution.

Subject Matter Expert (SME) - Retail Banking Domain - Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) Rainbow UAT Project - January
2014 to February 2015:
 Worked as a SME (Subject Matter Expert) in Retail Banking domain for RBS (Royal Bank of Scotland) -Rainbow a UAT
project from January 2014 to February 2015.
 Analyze the Master Requirement Document (MRD), Design documents and the use cases/ process maps to understand
the functionalities of developments to be tested in RBS Rainbow Project.
 Co ordinate with the onsite SME's and the RBS business team during requirement gathering phase.
 Analyse the BRD's and preparation of FSD's based on the business requirements.
 Conduct regular KT sessions for the offshore testing team during the preparation and the analysis phase.
 Creation of High level business scenarios based on the BRD's and FSD's.
 Reviewing all the test scenarios and test scripts/steps written based on high level business scenarios, requirement
documents and process maps by the offshore test analysts.

May 2007 to Dec 2013 - Deputy Manager - Retail Banking Operations
Axis Bank Limited, Chennai
Deputy Manager - Retail Banking Operations:
 Effective understanding of complete business processes and requirements and understand IT processes and effective
engagement in software development.
 Handled AML, KYC and CDD desk for more than 4 years.
 Handled Cash desk in reconciliation and verification of cash management services team consisting of 5 members.
 Periodical preparation and submission of various MIS, data and reports of cash transaction report, suspicious transaction
report to the central office twice in every month.
 Handling the role of front desk operations, DD's/PO's, FD's, RD's, NEFT/RTGS payments, clearing activities etc.
 Verification of account opening forms with respect to Compliance, due diligence & KYC norms of the Bank.
 Ensuring of smooth process flow in terms of back office operations and completion of EOD process of the branch within
the stipulated TAT.
 Offering customized business solutions & retention of existing HNI clients and generating 
references
 for new to bank
clients.
 Providing satisfactory service to the existing clients and building the relationship to increase the revenue base.
 Handling online tax payments of HNI clients.
 Issuance & servicing of Travel Currency Card, a unique product of AXIS BANK LTD.
 Understanding the requirement of the existing customers and providing them end to end business solutions.

ACHIEVEMENTS

 Awarded the best "Operations Manager" for Excellency in business achievement in Chennai Circle for the financial year
2010-2011 (AXIS BANK LTD.)
 Secured University Rank in Language (TAMIL) in B.COM
 Secured Centum in Accountancy in Higher Secondary Board Examination.

ACADEMIA
POST GRADUATION:
Master's in International Business from PSG Institute of Management, Coimbatore affiliated to Indian Institute of Foreign
Trade from 2005-2007 with an aggregate of 63%
UNDER GRADUATION:
Bachelor's of Commerce from D.G.Vaishnav College, Chennai affiliated to the University of Madras from 2001-2004 with
an aggregate of 61%
HIGHER SECONDARY:
Passed Higher Secondary in the year 2001 with an aggregate of 88%

TECHNICAL QUALIFICATION
 Completed certificate course in MS-Office and other computer fundamentals from PITMAN'S COMPUTECH, CHENNAI
May 2001.
 Certified in AMFI exam Advisor's module conducted AMFI September 2009.
 Certified in diploma course "AML-KYC" (Anti Money Laundering & Know Your Customer) conducted by IIBF (Indian
Institute of Banking & Finance) January 2011.
 Certified in "Wealth Management" Beginner's module conducted by Centre for Investment 
Education
 & Learning (CIEL)
March 2011.
 Certified in "Wealth Management" Advisor's module conducted by Centre for Investment 
Education
 & Learning (CIEL)
August 2013.
 Certified in IRDA in August 2013.
 Certified Transaction Surveillance Professional (CTSP®) from PON SUN AML Academy.
 Certified Scrum Master (CSM®) from Scrum Alliance.
 Certified SAFe®5 SM from SAFe Academy.

TRAINING

 Customer Service Excellence Certified 
Training
 by Dale Carnegie & Associates Program, Axis Bank Ltd December 2010.
 Conducted domain based 
training
 in Retail Banking (Deposits, Account Opening, Cash and Clearing, RTGS, NEFT
Settlements) & AML-KYC for Test Analysts as a part of Project Programme in Capgemini Technology Services India Ltd.

PERSONAL INFORMATION

Date of Birth
: June 12th 1983
Nationality

: Indian
Marital Status

: Married

Languages

: English & Tamil
Passport No

: J9412495

Place: Chennai
Date:

V VINODH KUMAR