Name: S.Anesh
Email: anesh_aoi@hotmail.com 
Mobile: 9940088428

Objective

To become a part of a dynamic and reputed organization that offers challenging opportunities.
To focus my work towards understanding and development of software.

Career Summary

Result oriented professional with 7+ years of software development on Microsoft Technologies.

Programming Techniques and Language Known

C#
Asp.net 4.5
Asp.net MVC-4/Entity Framework-6/LinQ
JQuery
SQL Server 2016
WebServices/WCF
SVN/TeamFoundationService

Companies Worked With:

Company 1-CodeMantra pvt ltd

Working with codemantra pvt ltd from july 13 2016 to till date as Senior Software Engineer

Client: Bloomsbury Publishing

Client Profile:

Bloomsbury India upholds Bloomsbury Publishing’s tradition of publishing books of the highest quality in Fiction, Non-Fiction, Children’s, Academic, Business, and Education by both Indian and international authors. Bloomsbury Products include,

Berg Fashion Library
Bloomsbury Collections
Bloomsbury Fashion Central
Churchill Archive
Cooked
Drama Online


Roles:

Work in a development team to develop integrated ASP.NET MVC-4 applications.

Perform design and development of web based services and applications.

Work closely with quality assurance team to ensure delivery of high quality and reliable web applications.

Develop databases including queries, triggers and stored procedures.

Monitor application performance at post-deployment stage and make necessary changes if needed.

Interact with customers to define project features and requirements.

Research and develop prototypes of complicated design solutions.

Perform code reviews and provide necessary corrections.

Develop coding guidelines for the ASP.Net development team.

Perform application design, development and deployment based on industry’s best practices.

Resolve application defects and issues in a timely manner.

Prepare technical documents as per established project standards.

Conduct application testing based on test cases and test plans.

Works collaboratively with Project Manager to ensure timely delivery of project.

Coordinate with Business Analysts and Test Analysts to ensure that the developed application meets technical requirements and client needs.

Gather customer software requirements and develop related software applications and programs.

Research and evaluate software related technologies and products.

Design and develop testing and maintenance procedures and activities.

Develop and write high quality coding that meets customer requirements.

Create software documentation and update existing documentation.

Design, develop and implement critical applications in a .Net environment.

Assist and support other team members on multiple projects.

Drive team members to keep up with projects deadlines and within the clients’ budgets.

Implement best practices, standards and procedures including quality and delivery methodologies.

Ensure compliance with the documented software processes and procedures throughout the life cycle of software products.

Develop and document design, source base and architecture.

Maintain and manage existing source bases.

Design, develop and implement solutions to users’ needs and requirements.

Review and improvise code.

Run tests and fix bugs.

Coordinate with architects and business analysts to determine functionalities.

Develop technical solutions to complex business problems.

Design and develop technical solutions for enterprise-level projects.

Design and develop data analysis solutions.

Design and develop logical and physical data models that meet application requirements.

Tools and Framework used:

C#,Asp.net MVC-4,EntityFramework-6,JQuery,LinQ,WCF,WebServices,SQL Server 2016,SVN

Company 2 – PERI  Software Solution (Payroll)

Client : GOVERNMENT DATA CENTRE

Worked with Government Data Centre from July 2012 to May 2016 as Assistant Programmer.

Client Profile:

The main objective is analysis of financial data and Central Budget Data Processing.

It provides Management Information System for the following functions -
Contributory Pension Scheme ,Processing of results for the examinations conducted by the Directorate of Government

Roles:

Understand and evaluate SQL and or Data Modeling.

Design and develop T-SQL procedures, query performance tunings .

Develop underlying data models and databases.

Develop, manage and maintain data dictionary and or metadata.

Ensure compliance of standards and conventions in developing programs.

Design, develop and implement complete life cycle of data warehouses.

Translate business requirements into software applications and models.

Resolve and troubleshoot complex issues.

Perform and execute data extraction, transformation and loading using ETL tools.

Maintain and manage all versions of data models for production, testing and developing databases.

Help write and optimize in-application SQL statements

Ensure performance, security, and availability of databases

Prepare documentations and specifications

Handle common database procedures such as upgrade, backup, recovery, migration, etc.

Profile server resource usage, and optimize and tweak as necessary

Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders

Tools and Framework used:

C#,Asp.net 4.5,LinQ,WCF,WebServices,SQL Server 2016,Crystal Report,Javascript


Company 3 – QUANTAS SYSTEMS

Worked with Quantas Systems from Jun 2009 to Jun 2012 as Junior System Analyst.

Roles:

Perform analysis, design and develop computer programs and applications.

Perform unit testing and maintain software programs and applications.

Perform coding data acquisition routines and access issues.

Develop custom reports for large data sets.

Assist and support in integration of GIS analysis applications.

Develop and deploy unit testing, load testing and tracking system software support.

Configure, maintain and support production databases.

Develop and implement application to application data feeds.

Configure and maintain multi-site data processes and issues including synchronization.

Academic Profile:

Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology from Dr.M.G.R University in 2008
HSC in Kingsley Matric Hr.Sec School in 2004
SSLC in DonBosco Matric School in 2002

Personal Information

DOB: 23rd March, 1985 
Languages known: English,Tamil


Date:                                                                                                                                

Place: