To work in an environment which encourages me to succeed and grow
professionally where I can utilize my skills and knowledge appropriately
Elamaran G
iOS APP DEVELOPER
Summary
Skills
Experience in App Store Submission and Firebase Integration
Experience in Firebase Push Notification.
Experience of the Auto layout and UI design with constraints.
Strong in Design Patterns such as MVC, MVVM.
Handling the cocoa pods and Third-party frameworks, GitHub.
Networking (API integration using REST API, Post Method(GET, POST)).
Database Core Data (Save Data, Retrieve Data, Update Data, Delete Data).
Experience work on JSON parsing.
Proficient in Swift and iOS application development tools.
Knowledge in Cocoa Touch.
Good knowledge of Web Services, JSON, Firebase integration 
Knowledge in Google Map & Map kit.
Knowledge in cURL requests with Swift URLSession
+91 8778949557
elamarangiosdev@gmail.com
No.4A,Near Race Course Bus
Stand,Guindy, Chennai.
Experience:- 1.4 Years
Experience
Muviereck Technologies,
Chennai.
iOS Developer
Mar 2023 to Jun 2023
Mobile Application for Car wash & Bike Wash at your door Step.
 Carro Care App helps you to wash your Vehicle , Any time your want to
prefer to wash your vehicle 
This app contains Internal Wash,Wax Polish and Extrainterior Wash.
Description
Carro Care APP
Project
Inter Webstar Technologies,
Chennai.
Junior iOS Developer
Feb 2022 to Mar 2023
Education
Bachelor of Engineering
 Vel Tech High Tech Engineering College
Mount Park Higher Secondary School
May 2019
May 2015
Anna University
Higher Secondary
Last Minute Hotel Booking App
Description
• Mobile Application product for hotel room booking app.
• Last minute hotel booking app helps you to find the best and cheap hotels
worldwide.
Additional Details 
Father Name
Gokula Krishna Moorthy S 
Gender
Male
Nationality
Indian
Marital status
Single
Declaration
    I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct upto my
knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-
mentioned particulars.
Responsibilities:
Involved in building UI prototypes for the application.
Involved in database designing documentation and creation.
Involved in UI designing and code implementation with Swift.
Involved in AppStore submission.
Responsibilities:
Experience in AppStore submission and Push Notification.
Involved in building UI prototypes for the application.
Develop the code and Testing the project 
Involved in UI designing and code implementation with Swift.
URL
https://apps.apple.com/in/app/carro-care/id6448905222
URL
https://apps.apple.com/us/app/last-minute-hotel-booking-app/id1513713688