RESUME

Mr. LAXMAN R. NARVATE

Contact
 no: +91 9975827159
Email ID:narvate.laxman92@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE

Seeking a challenging and rewarding opportunity with a organization,this recognizes my
true potential and effectively utilizes my excellent analytical and technical 
skills
.

PROFILE
 
SUMMARY

●
A competent professional with 3.6 years of overall IT 
experience
 in Software testing
Having 
Experience
 in Investment Banking And Loan Origination System.
Good understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Well versed with Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC).
Good knowledge and understanding of Defect Life Cycle.
Knowledge of Agile Scrum Methodologies.

Experience
 in Functional Testing, Retesting, Regression Testing, Sanity Testing.
Understanding and analyzing test requirements.
Good knowledge of preparation of test cases and its execution with reference of test
plan.
Work closely with other testers and developers with bug fixes and Defect with its
priority.
Participate in scrum meeting to discuss about project progress report every day.
Knowledge to perform bug reporting and tracking process using HPALM.
Basic knowledge of SQL Testing.
Basic knowledge of API Testing.

TECHNICAL SKILL AND EXPERTISE

● Operating System: Windows 7 and above.
● Tools: HPALM, POSTMAN
● Database: SQL server 2014.
● Manual Testing 
Skills
: Functional Testing, Database Testing, Regression and Re-testing.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIANCE 3 YEARS

Currently working with COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTION From DEC 2018 to till date.

ACADEMIC
 DETAILS

● B.E. From SVERI'S College of Engg.Pandharpur. -Solapur University.

PROJECT UNDERTAKEN

Project Name (1)
- Investment Banking
Role
- Manual Tester.
Domain
- BFSI
Testing
- Functional Testing.

Description :

Investment banking denotes certain activities of a financial services company or a corporate
division that consist in advisory-based financial transactions on behalf of individuals,
corporations, and governments.
Traditionally associated with corporate finance, such a bank might assist in raising financial
capital by underwriting or acting as the client's agent in the issuance of debt or
equity securities.
An investment bank may also assist companies involved in mergers and acquisitions (M&A) and
provide ancillary services such as market making, trading of derivatives and equity securities,
FICC services (fixed income instruments, currencies, and commodities) or research
(macroeconomic, credit or equity research).
Most investment banks maintain prime brokerage and asset management departments in
conjunction with their investment research businesses. As an industry, it is broken up into
the Bulge Bracket (upper tier), Middle Market (mid-level businesses), and boutique
market (specialized businesses).
Project Name (2) -Loan Origination System
Role -Manual test engineer
Domain -BFSI
Testing - Functional testing

Description:

Lending and Borrowing money in context of for future repayment of the principal amount
along with interest or other charges.
 Using loan origination system, businesses can process and approve faster
Work on Fin none Application and testing models LOS. Loan origination system is platform for
centrally managing and automating different stages of the loan serving cycle, i.e. loan
application,document verification and credit approval with automated underwriting

Roles and Responsibilities

Understanding the Business Requirement Specifications and prepared test cases.
Designing Test Cases, Execution of the test cases and reporting the bugs.
Conducted Functional testing with Valid and Invalid inputs for positive and negative
testing.
Communicates with Functional Analyst on any issue clarifications.
Preparing Defect report as per severity and priority Active participation in Bug triage
meetings.
Modifying the Tests and Conducting Regression Testing.
Detecting the bugs and classifying them based on the severity and reporting.
Regression testing performed on every new build of the application.
Reporting the Coverage status of test performed on the daily/weekly basis.
Attended Project meetings and interacted with other team members in order to resolve
the problems.
Participation in Test Closure activities.
Execute the test cases based on the requirements (SRS).
Performed functionality testing, regression testing and Database Testing
Updated the bug status and discussed with developers to resolve the bugs.

PERSONAL DETAILS

 Full Name
: Laxman R.Narvate
 DOB
: 01/06/1992
 
Languages

: English, Marathi, Hindi.
 Nationality
: Indian
 Marital Status
: Single
 Current Address
: Flat no.202 sankalp apartment, Adarsh nagar Ravet , pune 412105
DECLARATION

This is to state that the information furnished above is true and correct to my knowledge and
understanding.
Yours sincerely,
Place:
Signature

Date:
/
(Mr.Laxman R. Narvate)