Balasubramanian Poyyamoli
Front-End Angular Developer

120, Big Street, Mail Id: bala.poyyamoli94@gmail.com
Triplicane, Chennai-05, Mobile: +91 - 7845745158
Tamil Nādu, India. +91 - 8124040090.

Professional 
Summary

❖ IT professional with 5+ years of 
experience
 in Front End development.
❖ Proficient and specialized in working on Angular, JavaScript, Typescript, HTML,
CSS and FTL.
❖ Experienced Agile/Scrum development
❖ Experienced on-promise and SaaS platform products
❖ Exposure in end-to-end development of web applications.

Technical 
Skills

Front End Technologies
Typescript,
JavaScript,
HTML5,
CSS,
Bootstrap, Rxjs, Node.js, Key cloak

Frameworks
Angular 6,8,12

Version Control
Git

Software Tools
Docker, Postman, Swagger, IntelliJ IDEA,
Visual studio code.

Database
SQL Server 2014

Professional 
Experience

Company name: Temenos (April 2021 to Present)

Project 
Summary

1. Project name: SAAS-Portal.
Client: Temenos.
Technical Platform: Angular 12, HTML, CSS, SQL Server 2014, Node.js, Docker
Description:

❖ SAAS-Portal acts as a gateway to access various banking services of Temenos with
ease and it's used to monitor the services availed, billing and availed services security with
JIRA integration for auto and manual ticket mechanism for issues.

Contribution and Roles:
*
As a software engineer, contributed to front end development.
Collaborate with other teammates to design and implement features.

Company name: Hexaware Technologies (October 2018 to April 2021).

1. Project name: ProContact.
Client: Prometric.
Technical Platform: Angular, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, SQL Server 2014,

❖ Application allows the user to view the slots available for Exam on the specific date
and allows the user to book slot for exam with details.

2. Project name: HEET
Technical Platform: Angular 8, Nodejs, HTML5, CSS and Bootstrap.

❖ An Internal web application for Hexaware employees to book the bus and cab based
on current location of the employee, apply for leaves, can view their yearly
performance, can apply for jobs to move to new 
projects

Contributed to frontend development
Collaborate with other programmers to design and implement features.

Company name : Emsang Technologies (June 2017 to September 2018).

1. Project name: Touch/Offline
Client: Lixil American Standard (North America and Europe).
Technical Platform: Angular 6, HTML5, CSS and Bootstrap, SQL Server 2008,
Visual Studio 2010, SQL Server 2014.

❖ It is designed to enable data collection at every process points in a plant. It records
the number of good pieces, defective pieces, records the defect name and the
defective position and the machines used.

Contributed to the development of Applications.
Produced organized, optimized, and documented source code.

Declaration

I hereby declare that the information mentioned above is true to the best of my
knowledge.

Chennai, India. Balasubramanian Poyyamoli.