Y. ShaikhImthiyas
             No.2/414 subarayannagar,
			                      Subarayananagar, Thuraipakkam,
				                 Chennai - 600 097.
		                Mobile No: 9962072758 E-mail:immu.404@gmail.com
CAREER OBJECTIVE
To work in a globally competitive environment on challenging assignments that shall yield the twin benefits of the job satisfaction and a steady-paced professional growth.
EDUCATION
B)  Diploma in Hotel Management
OTHER SKILLS
a)  SAP ERP Ramco - 3.X / 5.X (4 Years)
c) Advanced Diploma in Computer Hardware& Networking
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Accounts Receivables 
Solving Customer Query
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Qube Cinema Technologies Pvt.Ltd (Oct 2016 to Till Date)
Represented and worked as Sr.Operation Executive – Accounts Receivable (B2B & B2C) (Marketing &   Accounts) 
Ensuring that the generating invoices for 350+ clients are accurately generated at the start of the month, and mailing it to them for payment.

Collecting payments from clients and preparing payment receipt. Performing reconciliation of over payment accounts, and other sub-ledgers related to the accounts receivable.
Preparation of Monthly Rental Invoices for Server & Projector which has been installed in theatres in India & and also overseas client.
Taking care for billing of release movies in theatre & overseas billing .Preparing Debit & Credit Note & also refund.
Responded to incoming inquiries, customer questions and resolved problems to standardized procedures while maintaining a courteous manner. 
Preparation of Comparison Statement for Monthly Accruals VS Actuals.

Control Print Pvt ltd, Chennai (September 2013 to June 2016)
Represented and worked as Officer Admin & Operation 
Preparing Invoice & Payment Follow. Maintained records of chasing activity. Contacted customers regarding overdue accounts. Provided copy invoices, credit notes and proof of delivery notes. Issued statements of account to clients. And resolve all problems with client.
Managed, planned and administered a range of administrative operations.
Ensured the completion of forms and documents related to HR and Payroll for unit and department. Gathered, analyzed, prepared and summarized.
Preparation of Quotation, Profoma Invoices, MIS Ageing & Inventory. 
Organize Land & Freight Transportation for inbound and outbound. shipments, coordinate multi point loading and monitor the movements 
Assigned the tasks of processing shipments of materials and equipment like confirming of delivery as well as liaise with transport vendors.

Lister Metropolis Healthcare Ltd, Chennai (June 2012 – September 2013)
Represented and worked as Credit Control Officer
Chasing debt by telephone and email and reducing debtor days.
Allocating payments in accordance with customer remittances
Processing and generating reminder letters and monthly statements.
Liaising with the sales and accounts receivable teams to resolve outstanding queries.
Ensuring that all major accounts work to agreed order to cash cycle.
Daily and month end reporting and account reconciliations.
Investigating and resolving queries relating to nonpayment of invoices.
Working to strict monthly and annually collections targets.
DHL International World Wide Express, Saudi Arabia (Jan 2009 - Feb 2012)
Represented and worked as Credit Control officer 
Responsible to recover an average from more than 300 customers in a month from Assigned Territory.
Responsible facilitate and communicate with customers on their queries and concerns in close coordination with the Corporate Sales/Operation / C.S.D and Accounts departments.

Resolving all problems for clients, copy invoices, proof of delivery, credit notes, and liaise internally to progress any problems that are being handled in any other department, Occasional visits to top customers in order to maintain good relationships & align pathways to efficient & timely recoveries.

Responsible to reconcile accounts and do the same for the month end for the whole debtor ledger also Responsible for maintaining Credit/Debit notes for any wrong billing or disputes on customer invoices.

Sutherland Global Service  (Feb 2008 – Dec 2009)
Represented and worked as Customer Support / Tech Support
Responded to incoming inquiries, customer questions and resolved problems to standardized procedures while maintaining a courteous manner. 
Gathered information and asked questions to determine source of problems and customer needs.
Proficient in operating systems, basic internet navigation, hardware components, software, networking components (video, data, voice), peripherals and email applications.
Exceptional ability to effectively present technical information clearly and concisely.
Recorded all customer and issue related information in the proper database. 
PERSONAL
Fathers Name		:          ShaikhYunus
Born			:          14-09-1985
Gender			:          Male
Languages Known 	:          English, Tamil, and Hindi