VENKATARAMANI G
venkatgopalakrishnan@outlook.com
+91-9043786360
To obtain a meaningful and challenging position to utilize my 
skills
 and abilities that offer
professional growth while being resourceful, innovative, and flexible and work for the betterment of
the company in any circumstances.

B.E.,- Computer science Engineering, ARS. Engineering College, 2014.
Excellent oral and written communication 
skills
; Ability to effectively communicate
across third parties and technical and business product managers. Have ample

experience
 in working directly with client directors.
Adapt in Requirements elicitation techniques like brainstorming and interviews. Strong
Interpersonal communication 
skills
 to build and sustain strong work relationships and
synergies across multiple portfolios in multi-vendors environments meant.
Scrum and Agile Frameworks: Adapt in activities like Release Planning, SprintPlanning,
Product Backlog refinement, Sprint Review, Sprint Retrospective, monitoring and
tracking progress through Kanban Board etc. Act as a Coach, mentoring the team on
the Agile way of working.
Experienced which including Team Management, Mentoring, An Insightful professional
with notable success in driving and managing multiple 
projects
 ofinternational scale.
Document Team Impediments when reported and make sure they are addressed as
soon as possible Coach product owner on writing user stories and assigning business
value.
Track how team is getting close to the sprint goals and guide discussions around
adjustments to the team's committed plan.
Facilitate Sprint Planning sessions, Story estimation and help with detailed tasks creation.
Worked with product owners and SCRUM teams to groom stories in advance of each
sprint.
Ensure that team vacations and holidays are reflected in available capacity/velocity
and appropriate production and other support requirements are considered while
determining the actual Sprint load.
Strong knowledge of Scrum ceremonies such as Sprint planning, Backlog grooming,
Daily scrum, Sprint review and Sprint Retrospective.

Capture Metrics such as Sprint burndown, Velocity, Release burndown & other metrics
to measure overall team progress.
Leading
cross-functional
teams,
working
with
self-organizing
facilitating
retrospective meetings.
Provides elementary support on Jira and Confluence.
Assist Product Owner in writing user stories, prioritize Product Backlog Items(PBI).
Participated in Scrum of Scrums with other teams.
SCRUM MASTER
Inter Webstar Technologies
Mar 2017- still
Manual Tester
Jan 2015- Feb 2017
Project Description: Steward is a cloud-based provider of integrated digital human capital and
business solutions, with proprietary AI and business analytics. You-Learn app is developed in the
Nativescript Framework. Once the User logs in, the User is directed to view the list of courses
available, and they even can preview the course. If the user really wants a particular course, they
can purchase them, start attending the quiz for that course and givetheir feedback on the same.
Mudah.my( JAN 2015-JUL 2018)
Project Description: Mudah.my is the Malaysian largest marketplace. Head office is in Kuala
Lumpur,Malaysia. It is an online marketplace. People can sell/buy varieties of products and goods. It
has many categories, myself in Electronics like Mobile phones, Gadgets, and Accessories.
I do hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated herein above are true,
correct, and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.