Madhan Kumar. S 
 
Nungambakkam 
Chennai- 600034 
Email: Madhan27.solai@gmail.com 
Contact: +91 9500124217 
 
 
 
Objective 
 
 
Overall 13+ years of experience in Cyber Security Operations, Windows Operating system, Remedy support 
tool, Incident management, ITSM Ticketing tool, SCCM, Active directory, Network related issues, IT Infra 
Operations. As an infrastructure manager with strong leadership quality, Problem solving,  having good 
knowledge in Team Management. 
 
Work Summary 
 
Cognizant Technology Solutions (On Roll OCT 2020 – Present) 
Nature of Job: Associate - Project 
Technology: Forcepoint (Websense, DLP), FireEye, Microsoft Exchange Online protection (EOP) 
 
PROFILE SNAPSHOT. 
My role as a Team leader to identify Security issues and react according to severity of the incident and 
following security feeds and attack trends. 
 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
❖ Audit e-mails reported by the associates and take appropriate action and close the case 
within the SLA in 24/7 support along with a specialized team of 11 associates. 
❖ Defining and over viewing process followed by the team for handling email related 
tickets Handling L&D portion or email security team & new joiners. 
❖ Monitoring Executive committee members email quarantined alerts, Nonowner mailbox audit 
logs and take necessary actions. 
❖ Examination emails logs which were detected by Microsoft Advanced Threat Protection as threat 
(Phish/Malware) and reviewing override rule and providing recommendations to global admins 
to tighten the security policies in the email gateways. 
❖ Train new hires and to act as floor coach to support team members to enhance the 
quality of service. Responsible for monitoring common mailboxes like corporate 
security coordination team, corporate security, abuse reporter, remedy support. 
❖ Reviewing the Health of DLP components and generating reports. Ensure the SLA 
adherence of the tickets. Escalating the pending tickets. 
❖ Capturing details of white listed, blocked domain details, and status report monthly highlights. 
❖ Documentation of the incidents handled to have a future reference 
❖ Analysis the malicious activities include network and host behaviors and securing from the 
intrusion attacks. 
❖ Spearheading project decks which will be presented to managers for monthly security 
meetings 
❖ Excellent understanding and knowledge of Identity and Access Management System 
Project Name: CIS 
Organization Name: PCS Technology Solutions Pvt Ltd & Vertx Chennai, Tamil Nadu. 
Project Duration: Off roll May 2009 to October 2020 
Client: Cognizant Technology Solutions Pvt Ltd 
Technology: Windows XP,7,8,10; Windows Server 2008, 2008R2, 2012 
 
Role: System Engineer & Team leader 
Being Team LEADER CIS project had opportunity to perform operation lead Role shared my 
Technical & Process knowledge in detail which helped running highly operational team and 
managed challenges with fruitful results. 
 
Roles & Responsibilities 
❖ Responsible for incident /service request management and technology / 
operations performance of the team members. 
❖ Acts as Incident Manager/Problem Manager/Service Request Manager/Critical 
Situation Manager responsible for process and deployment of Incident 
Management/Problem Management, Service Request Management and Critical 
Situation Management. 
❖ Endpoint scans: To ensure all endpoint devices are up to date with latest security 
controls. 
❖ Supporting internal teams in conducting and implementing ISO 27001 audits and 
standards. 
❖ Review new client requirements and assess security risks before processing the 
request. 
❖ Configuring VLAN in L2 and L3 switches. 
❖ Configuring routing in L3 switch and router. 
❖ Basic configuration in cisco phone,access point ,video end to end deployment and 
firewall mounting, dressing in hub rooms and support vendor providers. 
❖ Installing and configuring the Cisco VPN soft phones in the end machine. 
❖ Achieve defined performance levels with respect to customer delivery as per defined 
SLA/KPI 
❖ Right skilling and up skilling of the team members 
❖ Ensure creation and consumption of knowledge articles 
❖ Contribution towards proactive problem management 
❖ Right sizing of the team 
❖ Identification and implementation of technology elements in CII initiatives 
❖ Perform audits to ensure quality of deliverables. 
❖ Perform SOP activities with business impact understanding of customer 
environment and contribute to improve SOPs 
❖ Adherence to security and compliance requirements 
❖ Responsible for incident life cycle following ITIL / framework as applicable 
❖ Adherence to customer communication etiquette 
❖ Participate in project review meeting & drive operational initiatives. 
❖ Coordinate with support teams for changes, issues and improvement. 
❖ CSAT improvement action plans and DSAT Analysis 
❖ Handle calls/transactions during peak loads or associate outage. 
❖ Handle the escalations and complaints raised against IT Infra and IT Applications 
service desk Support Team, take ownership of the issue and close it as quickly as 
possible 
❖ Coordinating BCP with BCM team for all Chennai locations. 
❖ Primary owner to identify any outages through ticket, chat or call spikes and Notify RRT 
team of any outage and be available in the bridge for further updates. 
❖  Raise Major Incident in case of any outage and intimate CRITSIT Team whenever      
required            
❖ Provide on call support during weekends if required. 
 
Team Management 
 
❖ Lead a team of 45+ associates governing End-user desk side services such as 
Network issues, System issues, application issues and Vendor support. 
❖ Handling L3 escalations and issues related to IT Infra services. 
❖ Work with enabling teams and ensure project comply and get updated as and when 
required against defined processes and procedures. 
❖ Coordinate with shift leads, L2 analyst and L1 analyst and ensure smooth delivery. 
❖ Troubleshoot the escalated incident or refer / escalate (functional and 
hierarchical) to the right groups. 
❖ Provide inputs to Knowledge Repository / contribute towards updating knowledge 
articles. 
❖ Responsible for incident /service request management along with its approval 
process and technology / operations performance of the team members. 
❖ Responsible for creation and implementation of learning plans and skill upgrade 
❖ Responsible for Performance management and career development of the team 
members 
❖ Nominates for R&R on team / individual achievement 
❖ Update daily dashboard regularly. 
 
Strengths 
❖ Excellent leadership qualities 
❖ Ability to work in crunch situations 
❖ Excellent analytical approach 
❖ Adaptable to changing work environments 
❖ Self-motivated Leadership Skills Hard work & Determined 
 
Achievements 
❖ Being a team leader, I’ve handled many escalations and queries from customers, 
resolved 
quickly, and got appreciations from VIP customers (SVP & VP) Managers. 
❖ Received many appreciation e-mails from project AD & Managers for delivering 
service in the best feasible ways at committed time scales. 
❖ Received award from CTS for best facility lead in 2016. 
❖ Received cash award for handling BCP activity during 2015 flood. 
 
Certification 
❖ Udemy - The Absolute Beginners Guide to Cyber Security 2021. 
❖ Identity and Access Management (IAM). 
 
 
Education Qualification 
 
Examination 
School/College 
University/ 
Board 
Year of Passing 
B.S.C Computer science 
The New College, Chennai 
Madras university 
04-30-2008 
 
Declaration 
 
I hereby declare that the above information is to be the best of my knowledge and belief. 
 
 
Yours truly,         
Madhan Kumar. S