VENKATRAMAN.K 
138. Geranium Apartment - GA, 
Email: kvasan93.kv@gmail.com 
Kundalakesi Street, Ganesh Nagar. 
Selaiyur. Chennai - 600073. 
Mobile: +91 88708 66355 
 
CARRER OBJECTIVE: 
 
Quest to work in a professional environment, which will enable me to develop my potentiality 
and efficiency, also to meet the challenges and excel in the field, where I can fully utilize my 
skills and knowledge. 
 
 
Professional Summary: 
 
Accounts Payable Specialist with 8 years of experience driving smooth and strong problem 
resolution capabilities. Proven track record in managing full-cycle accounts payable, improving 
accuracy, verifying vendor invoices and ensuring timely payments. 
 
1. ACCENTURE SERVICES PVT LTD:  
 
 
Procure to Pay Analyst – (Sep – 2021 to Mar 2023) 
 
General Process Associate - (Aug - 2014 to Mar -2017) 
 
Roles and Responsibilities:(As a Procure to Pay Analyst) 
 
 Preparing Opening Report and Allocation on daily basis. 
 Knowledge Transition done on short Period for T&E and stabilized the 
process for NAM and LAM region. 
 Prepared DTPs for the T&E process.  
 Handling T&E Admin email and queries. 
 Sharing inflow and outflow details to management and client as well, on 
daily basis 
 Completing the month end reconciliation activities and closing the 
periods on work day 2 as per the schedule.    
 Preparing and posting accruals on monthly basis. 
 Maintaining productivity details for the P2P team. 
 Preparing score card for every month. 
 Clearing Vendor and GL open items on weekly basis. 
 Posting T&E entries manually in SAP 
 Knowledge in Concur -SAP tool. 
 Performing IDOC process on daily basis. 
 Handling Expense Audit for the employees. 
 Resolving discrepancies through emails and calls. 
 
Roles and Responsibilities: (As a General Process Associate) 
 
 Invoice processing- PO and Non-PO based. 
 Ensure the invoice produced is relevant to the business 
 Supporting document must be verified and ensure there are no discrepancies. 
 Capable to process all types of invoices (3 Way, 2 Way& GL based). 
 Handling queries related to payments, Expenses reports, etc. 
 Clearing Incidents which is raised by the Vendors on daily basis. 
 Analyzing the Aging Report and clearing the balances every month. 
 Processing of OCR (Optical Character Recognition). 
 
RENAULT NISSAN TECHNOLOGY BUSINESS CENTRE INDIA PVT LTD:  
 
 
Senior Process Analyst - (From Sep 2018 to Feb 2021) 
Roles and Responsibilities (Accounts Payable): 
 
 Grounding of reports and publishing to management and client on daily and weekly 
basis. 
 Handling Scanning process of Invoices / Credit notes from Vendors and Dealers. 
 Handling email queries regarding payment status and statement of accounts. 
 Manual PO creation based on the emails. 
 Handling GRIR for manual PO and interfaced PO. 
 Posting invoices parked as discrepancy in SAP. 
 Resolving discrepancies through emails. 
 Capable of doing PO & NON-PO invoices and processing Claims invoices through emails 
from onshore team. 
 Handled invoice processing daily hold reports. 
 Doing quality check for the high value invoices on daily basis. 
 Supporting document has to be verified and ensure there are no discrepancies. 
 Posting Urgent invoices with the GL and CC. 
 Managing incidents for interfacing issue. 
 Posting Utility invoices with the GL and CC provided by the onshore. 
 
 
 
R R DONNELLEY SERVICES PVT LTD:  
 
 
Process Associate - (From May 2017 to Aug 2018) 
 
Roles and Responsibilities (Accounts Receivable – Billing): 
 
 Responsible for billing Catalog, Magazine and Freight invoices to the customer. 
 Billing freight invoices to the customer directly without CSR approval. 
 Receiving various documents (Press ticket, paper consumption etc.) from the billing 
application to bill Catalog and Magazine. 
 Once the job is billed sent for the CSR approval on timely manner. 
 Coordinating with the plant supervisor to know about the status of each jobs to be 
billed. 
 Ensuring that jobs are completed within TAT (Day to day Jobs). 
 Sole ownership for few billing process and sending reports to the onshore team. 
 Sending KPI to the Senior Management. 
 Planning for month ends in advance and taking care of whole process. 
 Billing credit memos in case of any discrepancies in invoices. 
 
 
 
ACHIEVEMENTS: 
 
 Received BEST PERFORMER award from Client in Accenture. 
 NUMERO UNO award received from Accenture. 
 Received QUICK LEARNER award from Renault Nissan Business Technology. 
 Received BEST TEAM PLAYER award from Renault Nissan Business Technology. 
 
 
 
STRENGTHS : 
 
⮚ Excellent communication skill and customer service skills. 
⮚ Ability to learn new concepts and improving existing ones. 
⮚ Quick Learner, Target driven and self-motivated. 
⮚ Dedicated and sincere towards achieving deliverables. 
⮚ Ability to handle pressured situations. 
 
OPERTING SKILLS: 
 
⮚ TALLY 9.1 Version. 
⮚ Proficiency in Excel, Ms office , Etc., 
⮚ System hardware. 
⮚ Knowledge in Context Swift EFI Planner, MDTS, Lawson & SAP ERP 
 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: 
 
College / Institution 
University / Board 
Course
Percentage
Annai College of Arts and Science, Kumbakonam 
Bharathidhasan University
B.COM 
70% 
Sri SankaraVidhyalayaHr.Sec.School, Pondicherry. 
HSC 
12th 
81% 
Little Flower Hr.Sec.School, Kumbakonam. 
SSLC 
10th 
72% 
 
 
PERSONAL DETAILS: 
 
Father’s Name 
: 
S.Krishnamoorthy 
Date of Birth 
: 
04 July 1994 
Nationality 
: 
Indian 
Languages known 
: 
English & Tamil. 
 
PLACE: Chennai 
Signature 
 
Date: 
(K.Venkatraman)