Chennai, India - 600094
|
9360002657 |
dhineshkumars2607@gmail.com
DHINESHKUMAR S

SUMMARY

Full stack software developer with extensive 
experience
 in complex web development
and API development. I'm eager to advance my career by working for a firm that
consists of motivated experts who value innovative problem-solving and make an effort
to respond to inquiries. I'm looking for a challenging job at a company like Dream
Version that will help me advance my knowledge, improve my developer 
skills
, and
advance the business.

SKILLS


Front End (Angular, TypeScript, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap).
Back End (C#, LINQ).
Database Technology (SQL, MySQL).
IDE (Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code, Git, TFS, DevOps, SQL Server Management
Studio, MySQL Workbench)

EXPERIENCE

Caresoft Global private limited- Chennai, India
Junior Developer

10/2022 - current
Graduate Engineer Trainee

10/2021 - 10/2022
I have contributed to the BMS (Benchmarking Management System) project, which has been in
operation for last eight years.
I have 
experience
 working with HTML, Angular, TypeScript, JavaScript, C# (LINQ), MySQL,
and SQL.
In the 
projects
, I have implemented various technologies, such as PrimNG, NG-ZORRO for
design.
I have worked on user stories and tasks throughout the software development process, from
design to API's and servers.
I helped to transition from a code-first approach to a database-first approach.
I worked on performance issues for writing stored procedures, functions, views, and triggers for
server and improve the performances to decreasing the code.
I have offered my assistance in infusing power into databases and servers.
Designed stable, reliable and scalable databases for handling large-volume transactions using
specialized tools and frameworks.
Communicated technical and design requirements to determine performance, reliability and
accessibility.
I am acquainted with the ASP.NET Zero and ABP frameworks.

EDUCATION

Ramco Institute of Technology, Rajapalayam, TN
Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Science, 2020
G R V Hr Sec School, Theni, TN
12th, Computer Math's, 2016
10th, 2014

LANGUAGES

English
Tamil