Rakesh K
Mobile no: +91-7207947978
Rakeshkodimala1111@gmail.com
Professional Summary
Proven ability to help organizations implement Scrum and Continuous improvement best practices.
Expert at driving the adoption and enforcement of scrum rules, removing impediments, and fostering self-organization.
Great understanding of all scrum guide values and safe organized on implementing the rules.
In depth understanding of Software Development Life Cycle working in both Waterfall and Agile environments.
Adept at leveraging agile methods with business initiatives to deliver quantifiable results that are sustainable.
An accomplished servant leader capable of motivating, coaching, and mentoring across tier 1, 2 & 3 levels of an organization.
An advocate for change, creating an environment of continuous improvement, challenging the status quo, and developing a compelling case for change.
Exceptional problem solver with a keen ability to resolve technology issues, provide system enhancements, define, design, develop, and implement highly successful automated solutions, as well as find solutions where others have failed.

Certification
Certified Scrum Master.

Key Skills
Organizational skills 
Time-management skills
Technical and computer skills
Drive and self-motivation

Professional Experience: -
ACS Technologies 				   				                                July 2019 to Till Date
Lead/Scrum Master
Championed agile software development best practices and acted as a coach to the Scrum teams.
Supported the Product Owner in grooming and maintaining the product backlog.
Took responsibility for managing dependencies between the Scrum teams and others, collaborated within the Scrum Master network especially in regard to items necessary for product release.
Gathered and reported Scrum team statistics to stakeholders.
Built on the analysis and recorded experience of similar projects to construct better quality estimates.
Assessed the Scrum Maturity of the team and organization.
Motivating the team to work towards continuous improvement and deliver shippable product that deliver business value in every sprint.
Coached the teams to higher levels of maturity, at a pace that is sustainable and comfortable for the team and organization.
Communicated with other managers within the business and managed expectations for the projects.
Evaluated information radiators and Scrum issues on daily basis.
Encouraged continuous improvement in engineering practices to improve code quality and delivery.
Maintained relevant metrics to help the team monitor their performance

Nisum Technologies 				   				                                Jan 2016 to June 2019
Manual Tester
Roles and Responsibilities:  
Analyzing the requirements from clients.
Arranging Test Environment to execute the test cases.
Conducting Review Meetings.
Analyzing and executing Test Cases.
Defect Tracking.
Communicating with Test Manager.
Talk to the business users and analyzed requirement documents.
Involved in Development life cycle (SDLC) which includes Analysis, Design, Estimate Testing and Deployment of Client/Server, Web based Internet/Intranet applications and desktop applications.
Involved in identifying the manual test cases for automation.
Executing Test Scripts in QC tool for Regression Testing and analyzing the Test results.
Involved in giving daily and weekly status reports to clients.
Involved in creating Test metrics.
Request and discussed with developers to resolve technical issues.
Performed different types of testing like Functionality and Retesting.
Developed Test Scenarios and Test Cases as per the requirement document.
Helped design, develop and implement test plans, scripts, and tools using the detailed business requirements document provided by the business analysts.
Worked with business and technology leads for acceptable range for test results and performance.
Developed Test Plan, Test Cases, and Test Scripts to follow Waterfall and Agile methodologies.
Created functional test cases based on the software requirements.
Report the defects to development group on periodic basis and retesting the defects.
Involved in production support during the implementation phase.

Freelance Trainer 
Worked as a trainer given training to students on Manual Testing, C Programing, basics of C++.

Education:
MCA From Kakatiya University, 2012