Bhuvaneswari Karunanithi
Anna Nagar * 9445910090
Ecebhuvaneswari1995@gmail.com * https://www.linkedin.com/in/bhuvaneswari-gk-ab2aa9126
Enhance my knowledge, 
skills
 and 
experience
 by getting involved in a challenging work Environment. To make a sound position in the corporate world and work enthusiastically in a team To achieve the goal of the organization.

Experience

SOFTWARE TEST ENGINEER, ISCISTECH BUSINESS SOLUTIONS. pvt ltd.
JULY 2020 - TILL NOW
Supported product rollouts across multiple code releases.
Coordinated with project management to understand client specifications.
Provided QA feedback for review retrospectives.
Set prioritization of module testing.
Involved in System test plan creation based on the requirement and design document
Communicated with local and offshore team members to coordinate completion.
Involved in Creation and review of test Scenario and test Case based on requirement and design document
Involved in User Manual Preparation and provided presentation to the client
quality Analyst, casperon Technologies pvt ltd.
February 2018 - JUNE 2020
Review user requirements documents to ensure that requirements are testable. Develop test plans, test cases and test reports on multiple 
projects
 and also document any issues and ensure errors are corrected.
Analysing the Business Requirements and System Specifications to understand the Enhancements.
Test cases where manually executed to test application functionality against system requirements to ensure functionality and performance and bugs are reported in the Mantis and JIRA tool
System testing / Regression testing in test environment and updated the report daily basis
E2E testing/UAT testing in test environment and update and also providing demo
Participate in client call and client meeting and raising issues to project coordinator
Work with developers to track backlog items.

Education

may 2016
BACHELOR OF ENGINEERING, ERODE SENGUNTHAR engineering college
Electronics and communication Engineering, Anna University, 7.7 CGPA
april 2012
higher secondary, svv higher secondary school
State Board, 94.5 Percentage
april 2010
ssLc, DSSV higher secondary school
State Board, 95 Percentage

Skills

Experienced in Regression testing, Integration Testing, Smoke testing, Sanity testing, Compatibility testing, User Interface Testing etc
Expert knowledge in Testing life cycle and various testing activities.
Proficient at bug-reporting and bug tracking/management.
Good Communication 
skills
, interacting caliber and adaptation to quick learning, ability to accomplish deadlines.

Experience
 in handling tools like Jira, Mantis, Lean Testing, Postman.
Experienced as Reporting Head of the team and reporting my crew project status to the team lead and also with the management
SPECIALIZATION
Testing Tools: Selenium , Webdriver

Languages
 : Java
Database: SQL
Operating Systems: Windows XP/7/8/10
Domain Expertise: Vacation Rental Software, Car Rental, Ecommerce, Pet Renters, HRMS
CERTIFICATION
Completed Manual and Automation Testing Course at Credo Systemz
PERSONAL 
PROFILE
:
Nationality: Indian
Father's Name: Karunanidhi GV
Gender: Female
Date Of Birth: 08.04.1995

Languages
 Known: Tamil, English

SUMMARY
 DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the above information is correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Yours Sincerely,
Bhuvaneswari GK