RESUME 
                               
                    
 
 
 
 
 
                              
OBJECTIVE 
Seeking a position in a Professional Environment and as Iam an Eager beaver I can 
contribute the best of my skills and efforts for the growth of the Organization that offers 
Challenges and career progression while being resourceful, innovative and dynamic. 
 
EDUCATIONAL & PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION 
Course 
Institution 
Board/University
Academic 
Year
Percentage 
CMA 
ICMAI/ICWAI 
          ICWAI 
2017 
56% 
M.Com 
S.R.R& C.V.R 
govt college 
Vijayawada 
Krishna 
University 
2013-2015 
75% 
B. Com 
S.R.R& C.V.R 
govt college 
Vijayawada
Krishna 
University 
2010-2013 
69% 
M.E.C 
Sri Medha 
college Guntur 
Board of 
Intermediate 
Education 
2008-2010 
88% 
 
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 
Experience Details (1) 
Alcon Laboratories Pvt Ltd                                                           from Jul 2022 to till date  
Senior Financial Analyst 
Alcon helps people see brilliantly. As the global leader in eye care with a heritage 
spanning more than seven decades, we offer the broadest portfolio of products to 
enhance sight and improve people’s lives. Our Surgical and Vision Care products 
touch the lives of more than 260 million people in over 140 countries each year 
living with conditions like cataracts, glaucoma, retinal diseases and refractive 
errors.  
 
 
RAYA.SIVA SAI RAGHAVENDRA REDDY  
S/O RAYA.BRAHMMA REDDY 
D NO;13-6-18 
GUNTURVARITHOTA 5TH LANE, 
GUNTUR-522001. 
Mobile: +91 9398575633 
ANDHRA PRADESH 
E-Mail: raghavareddyraya99@gmail.com
 
 
Key Activities: 
 
 
Supported the Surgical Vertical of Alcon Global business for the countries of 
India Thailand, Philippines & APAC HQ.  
 
The role involves Long Range Planning, Budgeting, Forecasting, P&L Analysis 
(Gross & Operating Margin) Variance Analysis, Technical Service P&L 
Analysis (for Services). 
 
Evaluating the Product wise – Price and Volume variance Analysis.  
 
Preparing the Monthly Financial Packages, Reporting packages and lead the 
periodic reviews with Senior Operating Head of Finance & commercial teams. 
 
Highlight the root cause of variances and suggest the remedial actions to 
overcome.  
 
Provide accruals /JE’s to FRA teams and validation of PO Accrual Engine to 
ensure the month close activities and allocation cycles to run. 
 
Preparation of Monthly Expense trackers to ensure the Functional cost 
analysis include Headcount/FTE, Payroll, Non Payroll, Admin overheads 
etc.., 
 
Interact with the Functional teams – Sales, Commercial, Marketing, Advt & 
Promotions, Warehousing & Distribution, Admin teams to identify risk or 
opportunities.  
 
Calculating the sales performance incentives / Bonus payout – Field sales 
official and Technical Service teams.    
 
Month Wise COGS, PPV, Customer Profitability & T&E Analysis.  
 
Review with respect to GL and Cost Center level. To identify the incorrect cost 
and suggest reclass of the same.  
 
Handling the tools for financial system of SAP, Tableau, Aspire, APMR, 
Workday and CCP. 
 
Experience Details (2) 
Ford Motors Pvt Ltd                                                                  from Dec 2020 to Jul 2022   
Senior Financial Analyst 
Ford Motor Company has built iconic vehicles, including Model T, Continental, 
Mustang, F-series, and Bronco. Ford also manufactured many other products, such 
as airplanes, radios, refrigerators, postal machines, and weather satellites, 
answered the call for manufacturing medical supplies, including PPE for first 
responders and frontline healthcare workers.. 
 
Key Activities: 
 
 
The role involves Budgeting, Forecasting, Profit modelling (P&L Analysis) and 
Business plan for the Ford new vehicle programs.  
 
Evaluating the Product Profitability (EBIT Analysis) and Product Cost 
analysis of programs at each milestone. 
 
Lead Financial Analyst supported to product development of the new variants 
of Ford Ranger, Kuga, Edge and Nautilus. 
 
Develop product financials and lead periodic reviews with Senior Operating 
and Finance Leadership teams. 
 
Worked with Program Management, D&R and Engineering team to evaluate 
the Bill of Material (BOM) for Product.
 
Ensure accountability to established objectives through tracking of actual 
results and highlight root cause events of variances. Drive existing 
management reporting. Analyze financial results, distill and synthesize 
issues, communicate key messages to supported finance and business teams 
to allow adoption of corrective actions, as necessary 
 
Tracking material cost of each product with PMT wise on daily basis and 
leads the presentation of weekly/Monthly cost Reports. 
 
Dealing with business case studies and support in decision making analysis 
(Make/Buy, Import/Localization…) 
 
Analysis on Risk and opportunities associated with material cost.  
 
Performing Variance analysis of business plans at each milestone, Budget vs 
Actuals. 
 
Identify the benchmarking of key performance indicators with external 
competitors, and functions to understand and analyzing the drivers of 
financial performance and to identify the trends.  
 
Perform financial feasibility studies of product at each milestones & reporting 
period (NPV, IRR, sensitivity analysis, Issue to Issue walk etc.) to support 
operating teams with decision making insights. 
 
Partnered with marketing and pricing to align on content, revenue, and 
incentive assumptions in order to forecast margins by series and calculate an 
average vehicle material cost. 
 
Consolidated all program financials and communicated the program EBIT 
Margin to senior management at milestones and during key stakeholder 
meetings. 
 
 
Experience Details (2) 
Accenture Solutions Pvt Ltd                                                   from Feb 2018 to Nov 2020     
Financial Analyst 
Accenture solves client’s toughest challenges by providing unmatched services in 
strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations. Accenture partner with 
more than three-quarters of the Fortune Global 500, driving innovation to improve 
the way the world works and lives. With expertise across more than 40 industries 
and all business functions, Accenture delivers transformational outcomes for a 
demanding new digital world. 
 
Key Activities: 
 
 
The role involves end to end management of the financials of various 
contracts, Financial Planning and Analysis, Budgeting, Forecasting, Revenue 
Recognition. 
 
Preparation of Forecast Reports involving forecasting the revenue and 
understanding the future viability of the contracts. 
 
Preparation and Presentation of Project monthly Cost Analysis, FTE Reports 
(Head Count) and Financials to Stakeholders. 
 
Dealing with Pricing, Product Costing and Cost Management activities for 
outsourcing and consulting deals. 
 
Conducting variance analysis with respect to hours and Payroll cost monthly, 
identify the areas of high impact cost and suggest remedial actions to 
overcome. 
 
Activities involves Contract creation, maintenance and closure. 
 
Creation and closure of WBSE’s (Work Break Down structure elements)   
 
Amortization and Capitalization of Transition cost. 
 
Preparation of Working Capital Reports.   
 
Dealing with Multi Party contracts. 
 
Preparation and Execution of Accounting Treatment Methods. 
 
Support and execute the account forecasting process, including ad hoc and 
internal stake holder management request. 
 
Performed Inventory and receivables management, including monitoring of 
variances and follow up on discrepancies.   
 
Responsible for month end close, Passing Journal Entries in SAP, and Sub 
Contractors accruals.  
 
Supporting with Internal Control compliances. 
 
Implementation of International Accounting Standards US GAAP and IAS. 
 
Hands on experience with the tools in SAP, MME, MMP, MMR and MMS 
(Sales force). 
 
 
Experience Details (3) 
Transmission Corporation of Andhra Pradesh Ltd                    from Oct 2016 to Feb 2018    
Management Trainee  
APTRANSCO remained as Single buyer in the state-Purchasing power from various 
Generators and selling it to DISCOMs in accordance with the terms and conditions 
of the individual PPAs at Bulk Supply Tariff (BST) rates. Andhra Pradesh Power Co-
ordination Committee (APPCC) Which is department of AP TRANSCO dealing with 
Power Purchases & Sales in co-ordination with Commercial & IPC (Investment & 
Promotion Cell) 
 
Key Activities: 
 
 
Monitoring the day-to-day general accounting function and ensuring the 
smooth flow 
 
Cost of Power Purchase analysis on monthly basis. 
 
Submitting the actual cost details to the management on monthly basis 
 
Processing of Central Generating Stations Monthly Revenue Invoices such as 
like NTPC & NTECL, NVVNL 
 
Accounting for the Transactions of Indian Energy Exchange (IEX) on day 
head and week head basis 
 
Processing of Independent Power Plants Power Purchase Invoices such as like 
Hinduja National Power Corp and Thermal Power Tech corp. 
 
Accounting for and Reimbursement of Open access charges of Inter State 
Traders like KSK Mahanadi, NTPCVVNL, APPCPL 
 
Processing of Revenue Bills Power Grid Corp POC Charges and Non –Poc 
Charges 
 
Preparation of Profit & Loss account and Detailed Analysis of P&L line items 
 
Evaluation of Functional Cost Analysis 
 
Analysis on Industry Specific Operating Expenses like Transmission charges, 
SLDC Charges, Networking and Distribution Cost  
 
Preparation of Coal Stock and Oil Stock Reports on Weighted Avg Cost basis  
 
Ensure to compliance with the Cost Accounting Standards 
 
Calculate and apply the Rate Per Unit of KWH 
 
TDS Return filing with respect to Discom Wise 
 
Calculation and Disbursement of Surcharge on Delayed Payment to Various 
Vendors
 
Claiming of Generation Based Incentives of Solar Power Projects from IREDA 
 
Deriving the cost per unit of KWH against each Project wise 
 
Reconciliation between the profit under cost records and financial records 
 
Analyzing the TB and tracing out the wrong postings if any 
 
 
Variance Analysis: 
 
Preprataion of Actual cost and comparison with APERC Targets and 
identifying the major deviations between Targets and actual 
 
Prepare & Submit the MIS report on monthly Basis. Which includes 
 
Highlights for the month like Energy Fixed cost & Variable cost and their 
impact on total cost. 
 
Preparation Reports Which may include as ascertaining of cost per unit and 
Identifying Variances while Comparing with Target per unit 
 
Identifying the Major deviations in MIS Reports and also reasons of such 
deviation 
 
Calculation of Plant Load Factor and GCV of Energy 
 
Calculation of Excessive utilization of Energy and identifying the reasons  
 
PP Cost Analysis-Ensure to Compliance with CAS-1, 
 
Preparation of Provisional Profit & Loss account for the next month, 
 
Skilled with Cost Management and Budgeting.  
 
Station wise Cost analysis report. 
 
 
Experience Details (4) 
Neyveli Lignite Corporation India Ltd                          from Feb 2016 to Oct 2016  
Management Trainee  
NLC India Limited, a premier ‘NAVRATNA’ Public Sector Enterprise with a present 
annual turnover of Rs.6669 Crore (approx.) is spreading its wings in the frontiers of 
Mining and Power Generation. NLC India Limited currently operates four open cast 
lignite mines of total capacity of 30.6 Million Tonnes per Annum (MTPA) and five 
thermal power stations with a total installed capacity of 3240 MW. 
 
Key Activities: 
 
 
Preparing and processing of Revenue Work Bills. 
 
Preparing Payment Vouchers through FAS and entering in SAP (FICO) 
 
Receipt and release of Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) and Bank Guarantee 
(BG). 
 
Preparing Statements and Vouchers of Statutory Remittance 
 
Income Tax (TDS), Service Tax, Works Contract Tax, Contract Workmen 
Provident Fund  
 
Entering Monthly TDS Transactions in ETDS in FAS for Income Tax Return 
filing 
 
Preparation of Works Contract Tax Form-R & Form-T 
 
Preparation of Schedules for Various General Ledger (GL) Codes. 
 
Review of General Ledger & Passing necessary Journal entries every month. 
 
Reconciliation of General Ledgers 
 
Accounting of Accounts Payables 
 
Reconciliation of vendor balances 
 
Validation of Capex proposals, capitalization and post capex review. 
TECHNICAL SKILL: 
 
Ms Office (Word, Excel). 
 
Tally ERP 9 
 
FAS (Oracle) 
 
SAP (End User) 
 
Tableau 
ACHIEVEMENTS:  
 
 
Certified form IIM – Bangalore in Corporate Finance. 
 
Participated in school dramas and volunteered in school’s events. 
 
Volunteered in college cultural programs and other events  
 
Certified from ICAI Pre Placement Orientation Program. 
CORE COMPETENCIES:  
 
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills 
 
knowledge in handling Accounting system 
 
Good command in applying fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions.  
 
Strong ability to use an accounting system. 
 
Good communication skills. 
 
Self motivated with high level of energy. 
 
Never give up attitude. 
STRENGTHS: 
 
Dedicated and Hard Working 
 
Ability and Wilingness to Learn and get along with people 
 
Quick Learner and High level of Honesty and Integrity towards Work.  
 
HOBBIES: 
 
 
Watching movies and listening to music 
 
Playing Cricket 
 
PERSONAL INFORMATION  
 
Father’s Name                   Sri R. Brahmma Reddy 
Mother’s Name                  Smt R. Suneetha 
Date of Birth                     13/07/1993 
Gender                              Male 
Marital Status                   Single 
Nationality                         Indian 
Religion                             Hindu 
Language Known               Telugu, Tamil, Hindi and English 
 
 
 
DECLARATION: 
 
I hereby declare that the aforesaid Information is true to the best of my knowledge. 
 
Date: 16-03-2023 
Place: Guntur.                                                                            
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
                   
                                                                                                                          R.S.S. RAGHAVENDRA REDDY