M.GopiNath
Mobile No: 6380722874
gopiitjob@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE:
	
To excel and grow in the sphere of Information Technology by working with such an organization, which gives me better opportunity to prove my skills and rewarded to fulfill my dreams as well as organization.

TECHNICAL FOCUS:

Programming Languages		    • Asp.Net, VB.Net, C#.Net, ADO.Net, MVC
Operating System			    • Windows Environment
Database				    • SQL server 2005, 2008, 2012
Web Tools and Scripting Languages	    • HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax, Jquery, Angualr.js

Having around 6+ years of experience in design, development and support of business applications using software engineering and project management methodologies, has worked extensively with managed technical terms.
Experience in leading, analysis, design, Deployment, Testing of windows and web applications.
Hands-on experience in Microsoft Technologies - ASP.Net, VB.Net, C#.net, ADO.Net, MVC, Jquery, Angular.js, SQL servers and Web services.
Hands-on experience in Microsoft Visual c# 2008,2012 - VB.Net, ADO.Net, SQL servers.
Hands-on experience in GUI development using HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Bootstrap etc.
Extensive experience in SQL Server Database maintenance, developing T-SQL queries, stored procedures using SQL Server
Excellent analysis and skills with ability to adapt to innovative programming languages/operating systems/environments/technologies.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Organization 	:  Source HOV
Period		:  March 2018 to till Date
Designation	:  Senior Software Developer.




Organization 	:  eNoah isolution Private Limited,Chennai
Period		:  October 2016 to January 2018
Onsite Exp.	:  I worked with IIT, Gujarat through eNoah isolution
Designation	:  Senior Software Analyst.


Organization 	:  CPS (Cognitive Platform Software Solution), Chennai
Period		:  April 2014 to October 2016.
Designation	:  Software Developer.


Organization 	:  aDa (Advanced Software Development Associates) INDIA , Chennai
Period		:  November-2012 to April 2014.
Designation	:  Software Developer.

Project I       : BancPay (Product)
URL               : https://asia. mybancpay.com/
Technology	: .Net Framework 3.5, ASP.NET, C#.NET, ADO.NET, Html,
                        Css, Javascript ,Jquery, Ajax, Angular.js, MVC, WebServices
Role		:  Senior Software Developer.
Back End       :  SQL Server 2012.
Team size	:  13
Clients	               :   Daimler,Linde,Kelly,Christus Health,jubiliant Foodworks etc.,

Description
              
BancPay is the generic product for a range of cloud-based invoicing and related services that allow Organizations to transact, collaborate and manage their businesses in an easy and simple manner.Its fully automated and paperless workflow eliminates duplicates and manual delays.It is an architecture based on Saas Model(Software as a Service) it reduces costs for the Customer by not having to invest in separate Software development and infrastructure.It features a fully Configurable,Context sensitive web based User Interface and features an in-built smart workflow engine,with configurable workflow definitions,Supports automatic and manual routing and assign.It Supports basic data entry,exception processing,approvals.User Can create and Upload the invoice,Once the Invoice gets approved then those Invoice data are converted and transmitted to the customer for further process such as payment.

 Responsibilities              
Working as a Senior software Developer in the team and developed the application based on project requirement.
Involved in clarifying requirements with Business Analyst for better understanding and clear inputs
Responsible for project deployment and version control of the source code.

Project II	: IIT Gandhinagar,Gujarat Project 
 URL       :  https://ims.iitgn.ac.in/
 Technology	:   .Net Framework 3.5, ASP.NET, C#.NET, ADO.NET
 Role		:   Developer.
 Back End      :   SQL Server 2012.
 Team size	:   30

Description

IMS is an information management system which enables users across different departments (like Academics, Finance and Accounts, HR, Admin, R&D etc.,) and the student community within an institution to collaborate effectively, interchanging information through a web-based secured system.

iProof can be defined as workflow based business process software. It is a product developed for the purpose of Business Process Management (BPM). This tool is built using .net Framework. It supports building and running of applications and services.

Responsibilities  
Analysis ,design and develop the  Admin systems
Participated in different phases of the software life cycle
Beginning Requirement Analysis and implementation, test, Deployment, Support phases and Post Go Live Development and Implementation.Requirement analysis for Process planning and preparation.
Developed processes and Handled External Connect module for Implementation.
Involved in process development, Integration of application.
Defined ER and Database structure for System Admin module.
Planned and processed the External Connect Module for Successful ‘Show and Tell’ and ‘UAT’ phase of project.
Played major Role in project Live implementation.
Created a database tables, written stored procedures in SQL Server.
Used HTML, AJAX, and Java Script for developing controls in web form.
Extensively used Grid view, Data list and Details view.
Used Data adapter, Data reader and Data set to access and update data base.
Used Microsoft Reports ,Crystal Reports ,Fusion Charts ,Ultra web Grid


ACADEMIC PROFILE:

M.Sc (Software Engineering) with 81% during the year of 2012,  SSM College of Engineering.

PERSONAL PROFILE:

Name				:    Gopinath. M
Father’s Name		:    Mani . P 
Date of Birth 	  		:    6th June 1990
Languages known		:    Tamil, English
Hobbies			:    Listening music, Playing Volley Ball
Present Address		:    25/9, I 1, Amma House, Viswanathapuram Main Road,
Opp. To Ragavendra Mandapam,
Kodambakkam, Chennai - 600024
						
DECLARATION:
I declared that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Place: Chennai
Yours faithfully,
M. GOPINATH