RESUME

L. Thirumeni Selvan		2nd Cross, Pillaiyar Kovil St, 
Email : ltnathanmca@gmail.com		Ekkattuthangal, Chennai – 32.
Mobile:  +91-8883030929
  

Enthusiastic and energetic of expertise in Banking (Barclays Bank PLC) and Financial Services, with an objective to leverage on extensive background in Payments and Investigations, People management, Client Engagement, Process Re-engineering skills and Risk Mitigation in the banking operations.


Master of Computer Applications – PRIST University , Thanjavur (2013) – 72%
Bachelor of Computer Applications – Bharath College of Science and Management, Thanjavur (2006) – 58%
Higher Secondary -Govt. Hr. Sec. School, Thiruvonam (2002) – 64 %
10th Standard-Govt. Hr. Sec. School, Thiruvonam (2000) – 51 %


Organization	: Teleperformance Global Service Ltd., Chennai.
Duration		: From May 2015 to Sep 2020
Designation	: Senior Customer Service Executive
Nature of Work   : Operation in Corporate Banking & Personal Banking 

Organization	: Prodapt Solution P Ltd., Chennai.
Duration		: From Feb 2013 to April 2015
Designation	: Process Associate 
Nature of Work   : International Telecom – Payments and investigation 

Organization	: Pudhuaaru Financial Services Pvt. Ltd., Thanjavur.
Duration		: From June 2008 to May 2011
Designation	: Wealth Manager 
Nature of Work   : Micro Financial Services- Sales, Marketing, Collection, Branch Operation, Customer Service

.Net, SQL Server, MS-Access, Photoshop, Java Script, HTML, XML
MS-Office, FoxPro
MBA-Homepage (Directory,  Fax, VIA)
SRS  (Verification of Customer Signature)
Customer Gateway 
Edostar- (on demand to have search on very old entries)
Recall- Request, Sherlock & Central Store (Original & copies of cheques, credit slips)
Siebel (Receiving queries only from Medium, business people)


SIEBEL Application Migration: Got trained in implementing the SIEBEL application in UK and trained all process associates at offshore on the same.


Payments operation and Account clearing the enquiries it is the process based on the customer instruction, the process supporting the both Larger and medium business customer queries.
Transferring the funds from customer account to other accounts – As per customer instruction 
Checking KYC on behalf of bank
Set-up, Amend and cancelling  Standing orders and Direct debit  payments (EMI and Bill Payments in customer accounts)
Cancelling Cheque payment(Stop cheque) based on client request 
Issuing the cheque book and account statement 
Providing  proof of payments like copy of cheques and credit slips
Tracing and recalling of BACS payments  and swift payments
Handling and resolving the BACS and swift payment (MT103) related enquiries
Indemnity Claim – for unauthorized payments
Conversion claim - cheque payments
Charging and transferring funds from customer account
Initiate manual payments in case of processing error or system issue
Cross checking customer signature to handle customer enquiries 

Handle entire branch function till finalization of selling financial product and collect repayment. 
Initially meet customers to convey about the financial services in detail then enrol customers with them documents.
Complete the enrolments with KYC and strongly verifying customer backgrounds.
 Providing loans and collecting repayments based loan frequency.
Serving individual customers and enterprises in remote rural areas.
Handle asset and liability products of banks and financial institutions (including that of PFSPL) are offered. Savings, investments, insurance, loans and remittance—the other basic financial services.
Customers can deposit and withdraw money at a Pudhuaaru branch—almost the way they would in a bank. They can take loans in reasonable bank rates. We selling life insurance or cattle insurance.
Handle the team and guiding them to customer service, verification, providing loans and insurances, collecting repayment without delay, etc.

Acting as a Team Lead and Subject Matter Expert and Work Flow Management supporting to the team. Provide ongoing quality monitoring and coaching in order to improve the team’s performance and actively seek improvements to satisfy our customers' needs.

Effectively manage team of 40 to ensure team meets agreed timescales and quality
Engage in process improvement/standardization discussion with client 
Review standard processes and deal with delivery escalations
Drive team to achieve process simplification.
Taking report for daily production, monthly and lean to provide onshore.
Reviewing performance and allocating the customer request for the team members in equal distribution. 
Taking report star of the day and end of the day. 



Operational Excellence and process management, ensure high quality service within agreed SLA's and timeliness
Monitor utilization of resources in the team with respect to staffing, scheduling.
Process Clarifying team to ensure smooth work across regions, during volume spike and business contingency.
Identify opportunity for growth of the product/services and participate in transitions.
Develop & sustain relationships with customers with a view to proactively enhance customer service levels & resolve service issues.



Quick Learner
Multitasking
Ability to prioritize
Planning Skills
Self driven, Motivated and Determined  
Team Player
Hardworking
Capable of converting failures in to an opportunity to learn


Father’s Name	    : P Lakshmanan
Mother’s Name 	    : L Thamizharasi
Date of Birth	    : 02nd  June 1985
Sex		    : Male
Marital Status	    : Single 
Permanents Address: No.5/44A, Rajalividuthi, Thiruvonam Post
 			      Orathandu Taluk, Thanjavur-614614
Language Known	    : Tamil, English

       Regards

L ThirumeniSelvan