MM Chandru
Kingskkr@gmail.com
638-200-0137
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

More than 8+Years of experience that includes 6+years of experience in US Staffing.
Expertise in Sourcing, Client Interaction, Candidate Interaction and Technically Screening the Candidate.
Convergent thinker that believes challenges are an opportunity.
Screening resumes based on the job description, short-listing potential candidates, conducting interviews, negotiating salary, conducting reference checks, follow ups with candidates post joining.
Recruited viable candidates for different type of technical requirements and non- technical requirements like Sales, functional requirements.
Responsible for participating in daily meetings/ conference calls, activity reports, sourcing, screening, submitting and placing candidates, networking, job postings, employee evaluations, and other generally expected Lead Recruiting duties.
Worked with US Citizens, Green Card holders, H1B and, EADs
Experience in recruiting consultants on Corp-to-Corp, 1099, W2 basis for Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Full time positions.
Sourcing on traditional job boards (Dice, Monster, Career Builder, Tech Fetch, Indeed) to find suitable positions for existing consultants and communicate vendors through phone & mails.
Proficient in technical skills, Excel, Ms-Word, PowerPoint, Windows Keyboard shortcut keys.
Ability to negotiate the rate with the consultants.
Recruited for positions located in different states in US and have a good knowledge on all states with their respective timings.
To achieve a challenging position in an esteemed organization where I can put forth my efforts for the growth of the organization and myself.

EDUCATION: 
Master Of Business Administration- HR & Logistics Management – Bharath University – 2014
Bachelor of Business Administration-Alagappa University -2011

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Cognizant Technology Solutions (Contractor)
Human Resources Recruiter 								June’21 – Present

Responsibilities:

Working as Offshore POC for Onsite counterpart and supporting the client requirements.
Supporting the IT and Non-IT Full time requirements for the clients.
Familiar and expert using LinkedIn recruiter & Dice, Monster for candidate sourcing and posting the jobs.
Follow up with the submitted candidates and scheduling interviews on WebEx & Teams.
Posting the FTE jobs using Chire and follow up the assigned SO’s.
Experienced in Chire -ATS sourcing.
Maintained constant communications with hiring Managers for completing recruitment process and procedures.
Maintaining the tracker for the L1 selected candidates and follow up with the Accounts team to get the client interviews.


Photon Interactive Pvt Ltd.
Human Resource Executive (US Recruitment) 					Feb’2020- May’2021

Responsibilities:
A strong background in IT recruitment with an understanding of IT skills and technologies which has given a bottom-line oriented business orientation to the HR functions.
Familiar and expert using LinkedIn & Dice for candidate sourcing and posting the jobs.
Involved in the Vendor management system (In Pro).
Submitting the sourced candidates using JIRA for the review purpose with our technical team and changing the status of the candidates after evaluation.
Provides tactical HR support on aspects such as job description development or review, compensation changes, data management
Managing Internal Job Mobility across site and lateral hiring through TALEO
Creating the interview links by using Blue Jeans, Microsoft Teams and coordinating the interviews for the shortlisted candidates with our internal technical panels.
Handled on board process like creating work order, Offer letter and initiating BGV
Being in touch with the placed candidate’s and listening to his/her queries or suggestions, solve it and make sure they are comfortable till the completion of the project.





CelticBlue Technologies                                                                                                July 2018 – Aug 2019
Sr US IT Recruiter/ LEAD
  
Responsibilities 
Followed entire life cycle recruiting process in staffing for contract or direct hire positions.
Handling the team and allocating the requirements to the team members as per the client needs
Maintaining ATS in time.
Involved in training junior recruiters in recruiting process. Training new hires from scratch about the industry standards (recruiting process), search strings, requirement reading and identifying qualified resumes.
Prioritize the work based on the urgency of the requirement. 	
Review job descriptions to ensure proper advertisement format for internet postings. 	
Proficient in using job boards and writing strings. 
Effectively negotiate and communicate offer to successful candidates.	
Develop and maintain strong relationships with clients, candidates, peers within the recruiting organization.
		    

Reporting & Data Solutions Pvt Ltd, Madurai                                                                 Oct 2017 – July 2018
Talent Acquisition Lead

Responsibilities:
Handling the team and allocating the requirements to the team members as per the client needs
Handling end to end recruitment process. 
Involved in training junior recruiters in recruiting process. Training new hires from scratch about the industry standards (recruiting process), search strings, requirement reading and identifying qualified resumes.
Have worked across all IT technologies. 
Understanding the client requirements.
Working on Monster, Dice, Career Builder, Tech Fetch and LinkedIn.
Maintained constant communication with Hiring Managers for completing recruitment process and procedures.
Assigned the tasks of sourcing suitable candidates for different positions.
Worked with some implementation partners to the client and the 2 tired vendors.
Handled the tasks of maintaining proper records of the candidates in the database system of the organization.
Assigned the tasks of evaluating the abilities of candidates for particular positions
Located potential candidates through Internet research, internal database, cold calling, referrals, networking, job fairs, and other strategies.
Qualified candidates for appropriate positions through a process of sourcing, screening, and interviewing.
Performed reference checks, negotiated terms and rates for each project, coordinated the interview process, extended offers, and closed candidates.
Confident in interactions with individuals of all levels and backgrounds
Handled other administrative tasks as required
Comfortable in interacting to people & good listener.

Reporting & Data Solutions Pvt Ltd, Madurai                                                                   	 
Sr Technical Recruiter 							          Sep-2015 to Oct 2017 

Responsibilities:
Followed entire life cycle recruiting process in staffing for contract or direct hire positions.
Recruited all kinds of positions like, Customer Support, Network Support, Help Desk, Programmers ( Mid- Level, Senior- Level, Architect Level), Project Managers Technical and Functional, QA, Engineers, Oracle ( ERP, E-Business, Apps, Technical, Techno- functional, DBA), PL/SQL, Dot Net, Java, Information Security Specialists, Application Programmers (all technologies and platforms), Senior Programmers and Architect ( all technologies and platforms ), etc
Sourced candidates through a variety of online (Monster, Dice, CareerBuilder, Tech fetch )
Extensive experience on corp to corp, 1099 and W2 tax terms.
Managed offer process, including reference checks, salary recommendations, offer letter presentation and offer acceptance/declines.
Managed bench candidates who have completed the projects and helping them in getting new assignments.

                                                                        
NRS
Marketing Executive									Jan 2010 – June2012

Responsibilities:
Marketing opportunities and ideas generation
Implement Marketing plan 
Conducting market research
Analyzing and investigating price, demand and competition.


Certifications:
Masters Of Diploma In Computer Application- (License 9205)
Hardware & Networking Engineer-(License 1B15510)
MS-Office Xp-(License 15346)