Gunasekaran.V	
e-mail: gunakarur@gmail.com	                   

Phone +966-540246738




Information Security Professional with 10+ years of experience in Managed Security operations, Vulnerability Management, Enterprise risk management with exposure to Security Design and Implementations.


Vulnerability and Penetration Testing: Nexpose, Nessus, Qualysguard, n-Circle, Nmap, MBSA
Web Application Security: AppSpider, HP Fortify, Burp Suite, ZAP proxy 
Load Balancer: F5 Load Balancer
Web Application Firewall: F5 Web application firewall
Security Compliance: Qualysguard Policy Compliance, Nessus Security center  
SIEM/Log analyzers:  Splunk/Wireshark
Email Security: Symantec Messaging gateway
Web Security: Mcafee Web gateway
Endpoint Security: Mcafee End point protection Suite




Current Organization:		Wipro Technologies 
Period:				November 2011 to till date
Designation:			Information Security Lead

Client worked for			:	 Leading Automobile Finance company in Saudi
Roles and responsibilities: 

Leading a team of 13 members on delivering IT Security projects using multiple Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) used in Security Operations Centre at the global level in 24 *7 environment. 
Design & Implementation of SOC, building SOC operations, handling transition activity for SIEM setup.
Develop, maintain and Periodic review of standards and policies and update as necessary
Delivering Weekly/Monthly reports to Stakeholders and maintaining SLA’s as per the Contract
Identify the areas of improvement and develop 30-60 plans to implement the necessary changes
Understanding the customer requirement and implementation of each solution in a best fit
SOC activities including configuring alerts and reports, creating visual dashboards in Mcafee Nitro
Update/Review the existing play books and use cases in SIEM 
Performing Web application penetration testing using automated tools like Appspider, Burp Suite
End to end operations of Mcafee ePO with VSE
Handling Mcafee Web proxy including administration activities
Handling vulnerability management program.
Assist in internal ISO audits and ERM audits

Client worked for			:	 Saudi National Oil company
Roles and responsibilities: 

Handling end-to end operations of Email gateway, Antivirus, Web gateway including administration, configuring and updating policies, creating alerts and reports 
SOC activities including managing Splunk, configuring alerts and reports, creating visual dashboards
Performing Web application penetration testing using automated tools like Appspider, Burp Suite
Performing Secure code review using HP fortify and identifying the flaws.
Handling vulnerability management program.
Performing Vulnerability assessment using Nessus security center
Providing recommendation for the development teams on the identified defects, following up with concerned teams and performing retest to get it fixed.
Performing Internal audits based on ISO 27001.
Conducting security assessments for Operating systems using tools and automated scripts
Conducting security assessments for Databases using automated and manual methods 



Client worked for			:	 US leading Internet Service Provider
Roles and responsibilities: 

Performing Web application penetration testing using automated tools like Web Inspect, Burp Suite
Updating the defects in HP ALM for easier tracking
Publishing technical reports to concern teams.
Following it up with different technical teams to remediate the known issue.
Handling comprehensive vulnerability management program.
Performing application security configuration checks
Conducting security assessments for Operating systems using tools and automated scripts
Conducting security assessments for Databases using automated and manual methods 
Defining security standards and policies for network devices like switches and routers

Clients worked for			:  	US Leading Retail Store
Roles and responsibilities: 

Performing Vulnerability assessment and penetration testing and provides mitigation recommendation
Assist in defining the scope and Information security policies.
Conducting internal vulnerability assessments for PCI.
Conduct gap assessment and implement corrective/preventive actions.
Develop, maintain and Periodic review of standards and policies and update as necessary.
Assist in internal audit based on defined Service-Oriented Architecture.





Master of Engineering in Computer Science (2011) -8.3 CGPA. Sri Krishna college of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore, India.  



 
Date of Birth			:	30-10-1987
Nationality		:	Indian
Address				:	Al Khobar, Saudi Arabia
Passport No			:	R8235823


Declaration:  

                  I do hereby declare that the particulars of information stated herein above are true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief. 



 PLACE:  Khobar                                                                                                                             Gunasekaran.V