Grahl  Mason
https://www.linkedin.com/in/yagnza/ | GrahlMason@gmail.com |979-72233-3281 

CAREER OBJECTIVE
Highly motivated and professional Security Analyst with overall 7+ years of experience providing high-level support to Enterprise Organizations. Proficient in handling cyber incidents, configurating, implementing and troubleshooting the Network & Security devices. Proficient in creating SOP & Knowledge base for Projects. Possess exceptional Communication & interpersonal skills with a proven ability to work independently and as part of a team.

EDUCATION
Sriram Engineering College, Anna University, Chennai	2014 - 2017
Electrical & Electronics Engineering (Lateral Entry) | Major: EEE | Overall: 7.3 CGPA 

Sriram Polytechnic College, Anna University, Chennai	2011 - 2013
Electrical & Electronics Engineering (Lateral Entry) | Major: EEE | Overall: 8.4 CGPA 

WORK EXPERIENCE
CDW Technologies, Chennai     	September 2021 – Present 
Senior Security Analyst 		           
Responsible for monitoring and analysis of Cyber security events, initial incident Triaging, and investigation of network attacks, intrusion attempts and other threats.
Analyzing the logs in SIEM correlated events and deep dive investigation for suspicious activity & traffic.
Creating tickets for the true positive alerts and coordinating with the corresponding teams to remediate the identified threats.
Expertise on handling security events like Phishing, malware attacks, Brute Forcing, Ransomware, and it’s mitigation. 
Collecting IOC and threat feed for malware outbreak and enforce to block in respective tools.
Event log analysis, Net flow analysis, packet analysis, Raw log analysis, correlating it to find the attack patterns and worked for mitigation.
Good understanding of common cyber-attacks and their mitigation techniques.
Incident management process, creating tickets for true positive offenses and coordinating with the respective stakeholders to remediate the identified threats/attacks.
Creation of reports, dashboards, and alerts for suspicious threats, correlation rule tune recommendation.
    Skills Learnt: Incident Triaging, Incident Response, Email Header Analysis, etc. 	
Tools:  Splunk, Q Radar, Sentinel One, CrowdStrike Falcon, Proofpoint, RSA Net Witness etc. 

Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Bengaluru 	May 2019 – Sept 2021 
Technical Solutions Consultant										    
Creating tickets for the true positive alerts and coordinating with the corresponding teams to remediate the identified threats.
Investigation on Malware, suspicious process execution & other threats and remediating them with EDR solution like CS falcon & Sentinel One.
Performing the RTR and wiping the malicious file/process from the endpoint remotely. 
Monthly/Weekly SOC reports preparation
Participate in technical discussions around security events and activities with various technical groups. 
Finding the false negative by analyzing the events, and flow count in the dashboard and fine-tuning the rules to trigger the offense.
Skills Learnt: Security Operations, Enterprise Networking, Threat Intelligence, etc. 	
Tools:  Q Radar, CrowdStrike Falcon, Palo Alto Cortex, Resilient, Aruba ClearPass, Wireshark, etc. 

Movate (CSS CORP), Chennai 	Aug 2017 – May 2019
Technical Solutions Consultant										    
 Configuration, Troubleshooting and Implantation on network Products (Switches, Routers, Firewalls, NAC, etc.).
 Supporting the Clients on deployment of Network devices on Enterprise & datacenter environment.
 Raising the tickets for the firmware bugs & helping the clients with patch release working the engineering team. 
 Analyzing the network packets through Wireshark for understanding the network issue for precise resolution.

Skills Learnt: Configuration, Troubleshooting of network devices, Packet analysis, Deployments on Enterprise network.
Tools:  Q Radar, CrowdStrike Falcon, Palo Alto Cortex, Resilient, Aruba ClearPass, etc. 


CERTIFICATIONS
CompTIA Security+
CompTIA Network+
CompTIA CySA+ *(Pursing)
Fortinet Network Security Expert (NSE-1) & (NSE-2)