VISHNUPRIYA S
Android Developer
vishnupriya.sa@gmail.com
PH - 9941944376

Contact
 Address:
2/1-B, First Main Road,
Kalaimagal Nagar, Ekattuthangal,
Chennai-600032
Personal Data:
DOB: 07/05/1991
Sex: Female
Nationality: Indian
Marital Status: Married

Languages
 Known: Tamil, English, Telugu
Potential:
Smart Worker,
Adaptability,
Knowledge and
Focus on work, Communication. | 
OBJECTIVE

Looking for innovative, challenging 
employment
 that will utilize
my professional 
skills
 and offer advancement opportunity.

EDUCATION

2017-2019 - MCA at Mahendra Engineering College Salem. Affiliated by Anna University Chennai. With an aggregate of 82%.
2009-2012 - B. Sc Information Technology at Gobi Arts and Science College
Gobichettipalayam, affiliated by Bharathiar University Coimbatore. With
an aggregate of 78%.
2008-2009 - H.S.C in Govt High School with an aggregate of 72%.
2006-2007 - S.S.L.C in Govt High School with an aggregate of 82%.
TECHNICAL SKILL
Android development and architecture.
Core Java, MS SQL, Firebase Database.
App Publishing (Play Store & App Store).
GIT version control implementation.
Innovating new things in Applications.
AREA OF INTEREST
Mobile Application Development

TRAINING

Android mobile App Development course Completed in SSSI Computer

Education
 from May-2018 to July-2018 (3 months).
Certificate course in Web Page Designing in Bharathiar University held
In May 2010.
.
WORK 
EXPERIENCE

Presently working as Associate-Technical in Botree Software International Pvt Ltd from August 2021 to till.
Worked as a Software Engineer in Selfservit Solutions Pvt Ltd from August 2018 to March 2021.
Worked as a Sub Editor in NEWS Department in Raj Television from the period of August 2012 to January 2015.
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Analysed the possible solutions using my 
experience
, judgement and precedents.
Creating the more Flexible Application for customer satisfaction and user-friendly to end user.
I take full Responsibility for Creating the application and publishing in Play store and Appstore

Experience
 for creating the Mobile Application development and give the best quality of product.
Gathering the requirements from the client give my best Application for them.
I give my best dedication in my work and delivered the Application on time.
Handling the trouble shooting the bugs and code enhancements.
Independently manage the full Application process with my 
skills
 and 
experience
.
PROJECT 
EXPERIENCE

Application: Customer App (L&T Equipcare, My Schwing, Powercare, My Dealer Quest, etc.)
This application is developed the purpose of the large manufacturing Industries and their client (Who bought the machines in that industry).
Customer to track their Machines performance and monitoring the operator performance and their current location.
Customer can add the operator and their location by using this Application itself and link the operator to some machines and track the machines.
If any problem occurred in machines (or) any machine parts are needed, Customer can create their complaint against their machines. An Industries saw their complaints and solve the problem Immediately.
Firebase server used for stored their database and Android Studio is used for development.
This product is also developed for engineer support, Knowlegebase is provided for service engineering shared them experiences (like audio, video, image, and document format).
Push chat also provided for raising the tickets against their machine. Against the ticket chat will enable for rectify the doubts each other's.
DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Yours truly,
Place:
Date: (Vishnupriya.S)