V Sudheer Kumar Mobile: +91-8309912515
Email: vsudheer619@gmail.com

Experience
 
Summary

Overall 4.3 years of 
experience
 in Manual Functional and API Testing
Thorough hands-on 
experience
 with all types of testing including Smoke, Functional, Re-Testing, System, Ad-hoc, Exploratory and Regression testing.
Test case designing, Test scripting, Review, Test execution, Bug logging and Reporting.
Good exposure into Software Development Life Cycle, Software Testing Life Cycle and Bug Life Cycle

Experience
 into Story and Requirement analysis, derive the Test scenarios and Test cases
Understanding of RTM and Test Plan documents for Testing and Tracking
Participate into different meetings based on project need and assignments

Experience
 to test the Rest API services using POSTMAN Tool
Good exposure into API Testing with SoapUI
Knowledge on API Testing with other tools like REST Client and Advanced Rest Client
Exposure into API, URI, JSON, JSON Path, Headers and HTTP
Good 
experience
 into POSTMAN Collections and Data Driven Testing
Perform Data Driven Testing and API Chaining with POSTMAN Tool

Experience
 into JSON payload validation using Snippet and online Tools
Good knowledge on Reports generation and Environment testing (QA/TEST/STAG)
Passionate and dedicated, adapting with market trends. Self-motivated, with good leadership and mentoring trains.
Strong exposure into Database Testing using SQL queries to validate the Response data
Has 
experience
 of working under Agile Scrum with scrum events
Hands on 
experience
 to use Test management Tool JIRA
Good communication and interpersonal 
skills
.
Skill Sets
Operating Systems | Windows OS
Testing | Manual and API Testing
Web Services Tools | SoapUI, POSTMAN, REST Client and Advanced Rest Client
Web Services | SOAP and REST
Project Methodology | Agile, V-Model and Water fall
Database | My SQL and SQL
Others | XML, JSON, SQL and JSON Path
Test Management | JIRA
Work 
Experience

ESPROS TECHNOLOGY CONSULTANTS PVT LTD | Chennai |
Software Test Engineer
Jan 2018 - Till date
Educational 
Summary

Education
:
B-Tech (ECE) from VITS JNTU-Ananthapur in the year of 2013
Project 
Experience

PROJECT - 1
Project Title : Staples
Client: Staples
Technologies: JAVA, REST API and MySQL
Domain: E-Commerce
Tools: POSTMAN, JIRA and MySQL
Others: JSON, API, Agile, SQL and JSON Path
Role: Tester
Project Description:
Staples Inc. is a Massachusetts-based retail company. It is primarily involved in the sale of office supplies and related products, via retail channels and business-to-business (B2B)-oriented delivery operations. Staples began to refocus its operations to downplay its brick-and-mortar outlets and place more prominence on its B2B supply business. In 2017, after its sale to Sycamore Partners, the company was effectively split into three "independently managed and capitalized" entities sharing the Staples name, separating its U.S. and Canadian retail operations from the B2B business.

Roles and Responsibilities
 in the project:
Understanding Business requirements and analyzing the client specifications
Hands on 
experience
 in API testing using Rest services

Experience
 to API services using POSTMAN tool
Strong knowledge in HTTP Methods & Http Status codes
Good Understanding in URI & JSON scripts
Validating the response JSON data using JSON-path tool and snippets
Hands on 
Experience
 to Perform Data Driven Testing using POSTMAN Tool
Validating / Preparing the Request data in JSON format to submit the API services
Good 
experience
 to use Headers and Authorizations to Rest services in Postman
Hands on 
Experience
 to use collections and Environments in POSTMAN tool
Execution of the Test cases with the support of team and at the same time, leading the team to reach the targeted execution per day.
Performing Regression, Functional Testing, Ad-hoc Testing and Smoke Testing
Testing data in database by writing SQL Queries.
Executed the regression suite to test the application stability for existing functionality.
Expertise in Defect Tracking and Management Process using MTM and TFS
Excellent troubleshooting and problem-solving 
skills

Proficient in SQL Queries to test the data after executing transactions
Preparation of DSR and WSR
PROJECT - 2
PROJECT Title: Dr.Positive Health Sciences
Client: Dr.care & Dr.Positive Homeopathy
Environment: HTML, JavaScript, MySql
Description:
Dr.Positive Health Sciences is a web-based application for Dr.care & Dr.Positive Homeopathy Clinics. Dr.Positive Health Sciences Application is very simple and easy to understand. A person having basic computer knowledge can master this software in very little time. Dr.Positive Health Sciences Application is an Homeopathy clinics chain process which contains Doctor's Management- (Doctors Attendance, Doctors visit schedule, Doctors GT); Branches Management- (All Branches Attendance, All Branches GT Payments); Call Center Management -(All CC Emp's Attendance, CC Performance); Patient Management (All Patients Details, Patient Payments )
Detailed study of the Functional Requirements Documents.
Understanding the Business Requirements of the Client and involved in Preparation of test cases.
Involved in Reviewing the Test cases at peer level.
Execution of the test cases to evaluate application enhancements.
Participated in Data Base Testing, GUI, Functional, Integration and Regression Testing.
Bug detecting and Bug reporting using JIRA
PROJECT - 3
PROJECT Title: LOAN MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
Environment: EXT.NET, POSTGRESQL9.1.
Product Description:
Loan Management System is a web-based application for NBFC finance ERP (Loan origination system). Loan Management System is simple and easy to understand. Loan Management System is an end to end loan process which contains Client Management- (Getting Client, Co-applicant, Guarantor detail including loan details); Document Management- (Client, Co-applicant, Guarantors 
additional information
, security cheques, insurance details, KYC documents); Credit Evaluation & Loan Management -(Approvals-in maker& checker process, Document verification, Loan disbursal, Processing charges ); Collection Management (Emi receipt, pre-closure);
Attending KT sessions and analyzing the requirements.
Preparing and Executing Test cases and analyzing the results.
Preparation of scenarios for the complete module along with the integration with other modules.
Performed Functional Testing, Regression Testing, and Integration testing.
Attending weekly team and project meetings.
Attending daily Scrum meetings and project review meetings.
Declaration
I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Place :
Date : (V Sudheer Kumar)