Karthik. Rajasekaran 
 
Mobile: +91-9600076884 
Karthikr661@gmail.com 
 
Professional Objective 
TARGET 
 
To pursue a career in a concern that provides ample scope and opportunity for value augmentation 
through learning in all aspects. 
STRENGTH AND SKILLS 
 
 Excellent numerical and research skills.  
 Good communication and analytical skills.  
 Perseverance and focused approach.  
 Committed to deliver positive results and best values.  
 Excellent skills in public relations and people management.  
 
Work Experience 
1. Company: House of Shipping Mar’23 to Still working 
          Designation: Senior Accounts Executive  
JOB PROFILE 
 
 Maintenance of all day-to-day accounting transactions in CW1 Accounting Software. 
 Verify and Pass the Purchase Bills for Supplier payment. 
 Verifying & Processing Subcontractors' & Hire charges bills for payment & reconciling the bank 
statements daily and monthly. 
 Preparing Debtor's & Creditor's ageing reports. 
 Preparing Inter-company reconciliation with the head office and branches. 
 Preparing Month-end Entry (Expense accounts - Wages Expense, Utility expense, Depreciation 
Expense, Prepaid Expense, Accrual, Inventory, Payroll, WIP & Accrual etc.). 
 Preparing VAT Tax working. 
 Preparing Profit & Loss & Balance sheet (Month wise) & Coordinate with Local Auditor. 
 Preparing the Currency Revalidation (Month Wise) 
 Preparing the Cash Flow (Weekly) & MIS Report (Month Wise). 
 Preparing the Exchange Rate (Daily wise) & updating the CW1. 
2. Company: Metriqe Solutions Pvt Ltd Feb 2021 to May’2022 
          Designation: Senior Accounts Executive (General Ledger Team – Night Shift) 
JOB PROFILE 
 
 Maintenance of all day-to-day accounting transaction in M3 Accounting Software 
 Verify and Pass the Purchase Bills for Supplier payment. 
 Verifying & Processing of Sub-contractors & Hire charges bills for payment &   reconciling the bank 
statements on a day and monthly basis 
 Preparing debtors & creditors aging report 
 Preparing Inter-company reconciliation with the head office and branches 
 Preparing Month-end Entry 
 Expense accounts (Wages Expense, Utility expense, Depreciation Expense, Prepaid Expense, Accrual, 
Inventory, Payroll etc.) 
 Preparing Tax working 
 Preparing Profile & Loss & Balance sheet (Month wise) &   Coordinate with client 
 
3. Company: Prism Associates (Auditor Office) Feb 2019 to Jan 2021 
   Designation: Accounts Executive 
 
 Maintenance of all day-to-day accounting transactions in Tally ERP 9. Accounting Software 
 Verify and Pass the Purchase Bills for Supplier payment. 
 Verifying & Processing of Sub-contractors & Hire charges bills for payment 
 Reconciling the bank statements on a daily and monthly basis & Preparing debtor & creditors' ageing 
report 
 Preparing Inter-company reconciliation with the head office and branches &   preparing & filing 
quarterly TDS returns 
 Preparing &filing quarterly GST returns 
 Preparing Profile & Loss & Balance sheet (Month wise) 
 
4. Company: Oravel Stays Private Limited August 2015 to December 2018 
   Designation: Finance Executive 
 
 Preparing and maintaining books of accounting including Journals, Ledger, Cash books, and bankbooks. 
 Verify and Pass the Purchase Bills for Supplier payment. 
 Monitor all the purchases and expense accruals booked aged more than 90 days and ensure timely 
reversal of over accruals for internal control. 
 Responsible for maintaining accounting ledgers and performing account reconciliation. 
 Handling customer inquiries, researching problems and developing solutions. 
 Managing vendor accounts, generating weekly on-demand cheques & Preparing Monthly Expense 
reports sent to H.O. 
 Prepare all Bank Reconciliation Statements on a Monthly Basis. 
 Preparing Inter-company reconciliation with the head office and other branches. &   Preparing Profit & 
Loss & Balance sheet (Month wise) 
 
 
5. Company: Adarsh Prints Mills Depot Pvt Ltd June 2008 to July 2015 
   Designation: Accountant 
 
 Preparing and maintaining books of accounting including Journals, Ledger, Cash books, and bankbooks. 
 Verify and Pass the Purchase Bills for Supplier payment. 
 Monitor all the purchases and expense accruals booked aged more than 60 days and ensure timely 
reversal of over accruals for internal control. 
 Travelling and Conveyance bill checking and passing necessary entries for internal Control. 
 Prepare all Bank Reconciliation Statements on Monthly Basis 
 Preparing Inter-company reconciliation with the head office and other branches Preparing of monthly 
TDS returns statements. 
 Preparing Monthly Expense reports sent to H.O. 
 
ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS 
 MBA (Finance) (2013)  
 
 Bachelor of Commerce (B.com) (2008)  
 
Skills 
 
 
Software Exposure 
Office Tools: MS Word, Excel 2010 (VLOOKUP, Pivot Table, Sum Formula) 
Good Exposure in Tally (ERP) 9.0, ECNEW, APEX, SARAL, WINHMS, 
QuickBooks, M3.CW1 
 
Accounts & Finance Silk's 
Handing General Accounts, General Ledger, Accounts payable, Account 
Receivable, GST, TDS, Fixed Assets Register, BRS, Vendor Management, 
Vendor & Supplier Reconciliation, Petty Cash, Employee Reimbursement, 
Salary Process, Coordinator with Auditor, Etc. 
Personal Details
Father’s Name 
: Rajasekaran A. S 
Date of Birth 
: 04.01.1986 
Religion 
: Hindu 
Marital Status 
: Single 
Languages 
: English, Tamil 
Passport No 
: Z2771046 
Address 
: 3/661 B. Type, 72nd street Muthamil Nagar Kodungaiyur, Chennai – 600118. 
 
Declaration 
The above-furnished particulars are true and correct to the best of my knowledge. If I am offered 
the job, I assure you that I will serve my superiors sincerely. 
 
 
 
    Karthik. Rajasekaran