Vatsal Mehta 								714-869-8444
DevOps Engineer 							vatsal.taurus1@gmail.com
Cypress, CA

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/vatsaltaurus1/


Professional Summary:
5 years of experience as a DevOps Engineer, with a strong background in Linux administration, automation, and cloud infrastructure. Proficient in using tools such as Ansible, Jenkins, and Docker to manage and deploy applications. Strong problem-solving skills and ability to work well in a team.

Education:
Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Communications, Gujarat Technological University	2016
Master of Science in Electrical Engineering, California State University				2019

Technical Skills:
Languages: Python, Shell, JavaScript, Bash
Operating System: Windows, Linux, CentOS
Build Tools: MAVEN, ANT, Gradle, MS Build.
Version Control Tools: GIT
Containerization: Docker, Kubernetes, marathon and Mesos
Continuous Integration: Jenkins, Bamboo
Continuous Deployment: Ansible, Terraform and Chef
Monitoring Tools: Splunk, AWS CloudWatch and Selenium

Professional Experience:

Client: Nikola (Former Romeo Power), Cypress, CA				Mar 2022 - Present
DevOps Engineer
Project Description:
Responsibilities:
Configure and manage Jenkins pipelines for continuous integration and deployment.
Integrate VectorCAST software test automation tool with Jenkins pipeline.
Implement and maintain Docker containers to deploy and run applications in a consistent environment.
Helped firmware team develop a GUI using python.
Collaborate with firmware team to ensure smooth deployment of applications.
Create JavaScript to push data through API.
Maintained and managed access to Bitbucket repositories for the firmware team, ensuring proper branch management and code review processes were followed.

Client: Morgan Stanley (Remote), New York City, NY				May 2020 - Feb 2022
DevOps Engineer
Project Description:
Responsibilities:
Develop and maintain automation scripts using Ansible to manage and deploy applications on multiple environments.
Manage and configure cloud infrastructure on AWS.
Implemented and maintained Argo Workflow for CI/CD pipeline in an organization.
Automated build and deployment using Jenkins to reduce human error and speed up production processes.
Managed GitHub repositories and permissions, including branching and tagging.

Client: L&T Technology Services, Rockford, IL					Jan 2020 - Apr 2020
DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:
Automate the build and deployment of a Java-based project using JENKINS and Maven.
Develop and manage an automated infrastructure using Puppet, build Puppet model for installing and managing Java versions, and implement a Python plugin to gather and build metrics to state using Puppet.  
Gathering data from clients and providing advise via proof-of-concepts, as well as setting up Build/Deployment and Release management.
Implemented webhook in GitHub to automatically compile, test and build by using the Maven and deploying into the Tom cat server.
Worked on Vagrant to create virtual environment and installed multiple Oracle virtual boxes in it to run the application.
Integrated Maven and GitHub in the Jenkins to build the job and getting the executable files war/jar/ear.
Worked on Jenkins pipeline to automate the version control system, compile, test, build and deploying into the testing server.
Using Jenkins, and Maven to set up a Continuous Delivery framework in a Linux environment. 
Developed scripts to automate AWS services such as web servers, ELB, CloudFront Distribution, databases, AWS EC2, and database security groups.
Using Jenkins, set up the continuous integration (CI) and continuous deployment (CD) processes for the application. 
Worked with third-party libraries and Spring Frameworks (Spring IOC, Spring Boot, Spring Cloud).
Responsible for expanding and improving the stability and performance of Amazon Web Services cloud applications and infrastructure

Client: Allstate									Jan 2018 - Dec 2019
DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:
Involved in migrating applications to the AWS cloud.
Experienced in Installing, Upgrading, Patching, Configuring and Administrating Red Hat Linux.
Created jobs in Jenkins to build applications using Ant and Maven. In addition, developed several scripts to deploy artifacts in different environments.
Worked efficiently with applications development team to implement, test and rollout new patch releases.
Automated the build process using Jenkins and scheduled build jobs daily for the sanity check of the Java code checked in by the developers.
Coordinating and managing the legacy/new stack environments.
Creation of sandboxes for new applications in AWS public clouds.
Worked closely with developers to pinpoint and provide early warnings of common build failures.
Executed user administration and maintenance tasks including creating users and groups, reports and queries.