Lalesab J
Email: lalesabcsa@gmail.com
Phone: +91-9900119787

Profile
 
Summary

7.6 Years of 
experience
 as a cyber security analyst. Dedicated professional with an excellent work ethic.

Experience
 in a wide range of technologies with the ability to learn quickly and adapt to new environments.

Professional 
Experience

Company: Synchronoss Technologies India Private Limited, Bangalore India.
Designation: Information Security Analyst-2 (SOC)
Period of 
Employment
: June 2019 to Present
Tools: LogRhythm, Qradar, Crowdstrike, Prisma Cloud(Paloalto), Lacework, Inky, Vade Secure, Zscaler,
Forescout, McAfee IPS, Mcafee ePO, Vectra, Rapid7, Azure, Service now.

Responsibilities:
*
Involved in building effective SOC team.
Security alert/logs handling from all the tools.
Incident response, incident handling, Incident management
Performing threat hunting activity.
Scan and monitor system vulnerabilities on servers and infrastructure devices using Rapid7.
Perform email analysis, malware and url analysis.
Involving in root cause analysis (RCA) for critical incidents.
Handling cloud alerts/incident which are identified on Prisma cloud (Paloalto) tool and finding more detail
with the help of cloudhealth.
Vulnerability related alerts verification using rapid7 tool and with other teams.
Working on Zscaler alerts, Zscaler issue on endpoints, troubleshooting.
Handling spam box emails which are reported by users.
Involved in Zero-day vulnerabilities verification and mitigation with the team.
Alert triaging on all tools.
McAfee IPS alert whitelist, triage on the tool.
Log source Integration/verification with Qradar.
Custom rule creation on crowdstrike.
IOC addition to blocklist on crowdstrike, Zscaler and on O365.
Lookback analysis for terminated users for audit requirements.
Leading Dark Web Hunt (DWH) weekly call and preparing report which is received from third party vendor
and verifying all the stuffs with whole team and verifying the latest attack, IOC's and vulnerability with the
whole team members.
Runbook creation for SOC and NOC team to report and handle incidents.
Runbooks Creation for all the tools.
Linux Forensic Runbook creation.
MAC Triage runbook creation.
Tool verification on all endpoints with the help of Desktop team (through SCCM and JAMF)

Installation and troubleshooting the security tools.
Involved in Purple team exercise.
Involved in phishing campaign which is held by redteam.
Involved in endpoint drive encryption activity.
Linux Memory acquisition and analysis.
Involved in AWS 
training
 held from external trainer.
Involved in Docker container, Wireshark 
training
.
Involving and completing corporate held security trainings.
Monthly report preparation about tool, alert detail, incident reports.
Giving 
training
 to EOC/NOC team about Saturday and Sunday alert coverage.
Involved in internal/external audits with auditors and provide required details.
Updating myself with latest Security news around the world and implementing the required action.
Co-ordinating with colleagues who are there in other locations (US, Ireland).
Attending SOC team and Monthly incident review meetings.

Company: Solubix Technologies Pvt Ltd Bangalore, Karnataka India
Designation: Cyber Security Analyst (SOC)
Period of 
Employment
: Sep 2016 to May 2019
Tools: Arcsight ESM, Alien Vault, LogRhythm, Mimecast.

Detect incidents by monitoring the SIEM console, rules, reports and dashboards.
Monitoring and analysing security events and alerts from multiple sources like Firewall, IPS/IDS, Proxy server,
AD Server, DNS, DHCP or other Servers through Security tools.
Investigate incident, remediation and follow-up for incidents.
Create and track investigation to resolution.
Basic trouble shooting of log source issues.
Phishing mail analysis in a mail gateway (Mimecast).
Performing threat hunting activity along with monitoring.
Handling a various alerts related to SQL attack, XSS attack, Possible phishing attack, Phishing mail attack,
Brute force attack, Logon failure, Router configuration change, Disabled account login attempt alert, Dos
attacks, Malware attack like file infected by virus or worm, alert related to Port Scan, Network scan etc.
Distinguishing alerts into false positive and true positive in order to raise the tickets on true positive alerts
and to escalate the same for responsible team as per the given escalation matrix.
Performing the follow up activities in order to send the reminders to the respective persons or team to take
action on raised tickets within a stipulated time.
Monitoring the Alien Vault OSSIM console and IPS signatures in order to raise the ticket if there is any
signature triggered.
Performing ticket closure activities once the action taken on raised tickets.
Generate daily incident reports, Anti-virus reports and monthly reports on time.
Maintain the timely delivery of reports.
Knowledge of security best practices and concepts.
Ensure software is patched and able to protect from threats.
Provide proactive feedback to senior personnel and management as required.

Assisting engineering team for fine-tuning of reports.
Communicate with external team to resolve the queries relating to the raised incidents.
Provide real-time guidance to customers on attack mitigation procedures.
Responsible for shift handover.

Software/Technical 
skills

✓ SIEM Tools
: ArcSight ESM 6.11, AlienVault, LogRhythm, Qradar, Wazuh.
✓ Open-source Analysis Tools
: IPVoid, Virus Total, Dshield, MX Toolbox, Browserling etc.
✓ Ticketing tools
: Spicework, Manage engine, Service now
✓ Email gateway
: Mimecast, Vade secure, Inky, Proofpoint.
✓ Endpoint Security : Crowdstrike(EDR), McAfee IPS, Epo
✓ MS Software's
: MS office (Word, Excel, Outlook, Access, Powerpoint)
✓ Vulnerability scanning tools
: Rapid7, Nmap

Professional 
Skills

Experience
 with wide range of security tools and knowledge of relevant cyber frameworks and methodology,
Proficient understanding of cyber and IT security risks, threats, and precautionary measures
Proficient understanding of security standards and best practices.
Excellent communication 
skills
 both oral and written.
Demonstrated capacity to work effectively in teams and independently as evidenced through work history.
Displayed excellent abilities like positive outlook, Integrity, communication, and commitment 
skills
.
Hard working, self-motivated to excel professional development.
Ability to complete tasks within the specified span of time.
Good leadership qualities and ability to optimize resources.
Strong collaborative 
skills
 and proven ability to work in a diverse team of security professionals
Incident Response - critical thinking, problem solving, and excellent communication 
skills
 around IT incidents
Strong analytical, problem solving, and consulting 
skills
 with knowledge of Information Security and related
technologies.

Education

Bachelor of Engineering (B.E) from Visvesvaraya Technological University (VTU), Belgaum, Karnataka, 590018

Personal Details:
✓ Address

: #5/76, Kumbar Oni, at post Yalgi, Yadgir District Karnataka, India - 585216
✓ Gender

: Male
✓ 
Languages
 Known :
: English, Hindi, Kannada.