Monika Sonaiya
React.JS and Node.JS Expert
+91 7874263694
prafull@specscale.com
4+ years experienced React Developer with hands-on 
experience
 in
identifying web-based user interactions along with designing &
implementing highly responsive user interface components by deploying
React concepts. Proficient in translating designs & wireframes into
high-quality code, and writing application interface code via Javascript
and ReactJS workflows. Adept at monitoring & maintaining frontend
performance and troubleshooting & debugging the same to bolster overall
performance.

EXPERIENCE

SpecScale, Surat - ReactJS / NodeJS full-stack developer
March 2020 - PRESENT
●
Involved in designing and developing the web pages using HTML
5, SASS, React JS, Redux, Node JS, CSS, TypeScript, JavaScript,
Bootstrap, Node.js, NPM.
Developed a front-end web application in React JS, Redux,
Bootstrap, ES6/Babel, and Webpack.
Use React JS to create more responsive web pages, which can be
compatible with all the browsers and compatible with the
different devices.
Artoon Solutions Pvt Ltd, Surat- Angular Developer
Working with a variety of clients and setting up several 
projects
 from the
ground up, as well as building responsive layouts using a mobile-first
strategy.
CSIT park, Gandhinagar-AngularJS and Core PHP
Involved in interacting with the Application Development Manager in the
analysis and estimation of future work and interacting with Architects on
the design and architecture for our team's deliverables.

PROJECTS

GIS GPS web app -ReactJS/NodeJS
GIS GPS web app is a project-based completely on map things, such as

SKILLS

ReactJS
NodeJS
AngularJS
ExpressJS
MSSQL, MYSQL, MongoDB
Redux, Flux
Bootstrap
CSS

LANGUAGES

English, Hindi, Gujarati

live user location tracking, creating different maps with different types of
features on it with dynamic shapes and colors, and assigning work orders
to different workers of an organization sharing map publicly for users out
of the organization and much more
VIDA Intelligence portal -
NodeJS/ReactJS/GraphQL/DynamoDB
Vida intelligence portal is a web app where we are uploading DICOM file
for the patient and analyzing it for various lung disease and consulting
the patient for a different kind of scan, PHI processing, different roles for
maintaining a different kind of functionalities tracking activities of each
user over the portal, providing eLearning module for members of the
project and providing eLearning certification.
Icube Web App - ReactJS
Icube is an Ecommerce web app for business purposes where we can fulfill
our textile and clothing needs, GST Bill report generator, barcode
generator with different common input components, and customized
material UI components.
Form Builder - NodeJS/ReactJS
Form builder is completely based on dynamic form creation updation and
querying for different uses for an organization.
SMS Connect - NodeJS/AngularJS
SMS Connect is a communication portal for users around the world that
contains live charts, messaging functionality through different ports, and
so on.

EDUCATION

B.E., Gujarat Technological University - Ahmedabad
2018
Diploma, Polytechnic - GTU
2015